POKER TOURNAMENT DIRECTORS ASSOCIATION
2022 Rules Version 1.0, Sept 17, 2022
(For Recommended Procedures and Illustration Addendum, see longform version at TDA website)
The Poker TDA is a voluntary poker industry association founded in 2001. The TDA mission is to increase global uniformity of poker tournament rules. TDA rules supplement the rules of this house. In case of conflict with a gaming agency, the agency rules will apply.
General Concepts
1: Floor Decisions The best interest of the game and fairness are top priorities in decision-making. Unusual circumstances occasionally dictate that common-sense decisions in the interest of fairness take priority over technical rules. Floor decisions are final.
2: Player Responsibilities Players should verify registration data and seat assignments, verify they're dealt the correct number of cards before SA occurs, protect their hands, make their intentions clear, follow the action, act in turn with proper terminology and gestures, defend their right to act, keep cards visible and chips correctly stacked, remain at the table with a live hand, table all cards properly when competing at showdown, speak up if they see a mistake, play in a timely manner, call for a clock when warranted, transfer tables promptly, follow one player to a hand, know and comply with the rules, practice proper etiquette, inform the house if they see or experience discriminatory or offensive behavior, and generally contribute to an orderly event where all players feel welcome.

3: Official Terminology and Gestures Official betting terms are simple, unmistakable, time-honored declarations like bet, raise, call, fold, check, all-in, complete, and pot (pot-limit only). Regional terms may also meet this test. Also, players must use gestures with caution when facing action; tapping the table is a check. It is the responsibility of players to make their intentions clear: using non-standard terms or gestures is at player's risk and may result in a ruling other than what the player intended. See also Rules 2 & 42.
4: Player Identity Clothing or other accoutrements must not continuously obscure player identity or become a distraction to the game. House standards will apply in the sole judgment of the TD.
5: Electronic Devices and Communication Players may not talk on a phone at the table. Ring tones, music, images, video etc. should be inaudible and non-disturbing to others. Betting apps and charts may not be used by players with live hands. These and other devices, tools, photography, videography, and communication must not create a nuisance, delay the game or create competitive advantage and are subject to house and gaming regulations. Violations of this paragraph are subject to penalties in Rule 71.
6: Official Language The house will clearly post and announce acceptable language(s) at the table.
Seating, Breaking & Balancing Tables
7: Random Correct Seating Tournament and satellite seats will be randomly assigned. A player starting in a wrong seat with a correct chip stack will move to the correct seat with his or her current total chip stack.

8: Alternates, Late Registration, Re-Entries A: Alternates, players registering late, and reentries will be sold full stacks. They will randomly draw a seat and table by the same process and from the same seat pool then in place for new players and are dealt in except between the small blind and button.
B: In re-entry events, if a player is permitted to forfeit chips and buy a new stack, the forfeited chips will be removed from play.
9: Special Needs Accommodations for players with special needs will be made when possible.
10: Breaking Tables A: New players entering the tournament and players from broken tables can get any seat including the small or big blind or the button and be dealt in except between the SB and button.
B: Players from a broken table will be assigned new tables and seats by a 2-step random process. See Illustration Addendum.
11: Balancing Tables and Halting Play A: To balance in flop & mixed-games, the player to be big blind next moves to the worst position, including single big blind if available, even if that means the seat is big blind twice. Worst position is never the small blind. In studonly, players move by position (last seat open at the short table is the seat filled).
B: In mixed games (ex: HORSE), when the game shifts from hold'em to stud, after the last hold'em hand the button moves to the position it would be if the next hand was hold'em and is frozen there during stud. The player moved in stud is the player who would be big blind if the game were hold'em for that hand. Shifting to hold'em the button starts where it was frozen.

C: The table from which a player is moved will be specified by a predetermined procedure.
D: Play will halt on tables 3 or more players short (by elimination) than the table with the most players once the blinds are impacted (See Illustration Addendum). Play halts on other formats (ex: 6-hand and turbos) at TDs discretion. TDs may waive halting play and waiver is not a misdeal. As the event progresses, at TD's discretion tables should be more tightly balanced.
Pots / Showdown
12: Declarations. Cards Speak at Showdown Cards speak to determine the winner. Verbal declarations of hand value are not binding at showdown but deliberately miscalling a hand may be penalized. Dealers should read and announce hand values at showdown. Any player, in the hand or not, should speak up if he or she thinks a mistake is made in reading hands or calculating and awarding the pot.
13: Tabling Cards & Killing Winning Hand A: Proper tabling is both 1) turning all cards face up on the table and 2) allowing the dealer and players to read the hand clearly. "All cards" means both hole cards in hold'em, all 4 hole cards in Omaha, all 7 cards in 7-stud, etc.
B: At showdown players must protect their hands while waiting for cards to be read (See also Rule 65). Players who don't fully table all cards, then muck thinking they've won, do so at their own risk. If a hand is not 100% retrievable and identifiable and the TD rules it was not clearly read, the player has no claim to the pot. The TDs decision on whether a hand was sufficiently tabled is final.
C: Dealers cannot kill a properly tabled hand that was obviously the winner.

14: Live Cards at Showdown Discarding non-tabled cards face down does not automatically kill them; players may change their minds and table cards that remain 100% identifiable and retrievable. Cards are killed by the dealer when pushed into the muck or otherwise rendered irretrievable and unidentifiable.
15: Showdown and Discarding Irregularities A: If a player tables one card that would make a winning hand, the dealer should advise the player to table all cards. If the player refuses, the floor should be called.
B: If a player bets then discards thinking he or she has won (forgetting another player is still in the hand), the dealer should hold the cards and call the floor (a Rule 58 exception). If cards are mucked and not retrievable and identifiable to 100% certainty, the player is out and not entitled to a refund of called bets. If cards are mucked and the player initiated a bet or raise not yet called, the uncalled amount will be returned.
16: Face Up for All-Ins All hands will be tabled without delay once a player is all-in and all betting action by all other players in the hand is complete. No player who is either all-in or has called all betting action may muck his or her hand without tabling. All hands in both the main and side pot(s) must be tabled and are live. See Illustration Addendum.
17: Non All-In Showdowns, Showdown Order A: In a non all-in showdown, if cards are not spontaneously tabled or discarded, the TD may enforce an order of show. The last aggressive player on the final betting round (final street) must table first. If there was no final round bet, the player who would act first in a final betting round must table first (i.e. first seat left of the

button in flop games, high hand showing in stud, low hand in razz, etc.).
B: A non all-in showdown is uncontested if all but one player mucks face down without tabling. The last player with live cards wins and is not required to table the cards.
18: Asking to See a Hand A: Players not still in possession of cards at showdown, or who have mucked their cards face down without tabling, lose any rights or privileges to ask to see any hand.
B: If there was a river bet, any caller has an inalienable right to have the last aggressor's hand tabled on request ("the hand they paid to see") provided the caller tabled or retains his or her cards. TDs discretion governs all other requests such as to see the hand of another caller, or if there was no river bet. See Illustration Addendum [adopted 2013].
19: Playing the Board at Showdown To play the board, players must table all hole cards to get part of the pot (see Rule 13-A).
20: Awarding Odd Chips First, odd chips will be broken into the smallest denomination in play. A) Board games with 2 or more high or low hands: the odd chip goes to the first seat left of the button. B) Stud, razz, and if 2 or more high or low hands in stud/8: the odd chip goes to the high card by suit in the player's 5-card winning hand. C) H/L split: the odd chip in the total pot goes to the high side.
21: Side Pots Each side pot will be split separately.
22: Disputed Hands and Pots The reading of a tabled hand may be disputed until the next hand begins (see Rule 23). Accounting errors in calculating and awarding

the pot may be disputed until substantial action occurs on the next hand. If a hand finishes during a break, the right to any dispute ends 1 minute after the pot is awarded.
General Procedures
23: New Hand & New Limits A new level starts on announcement after the clock reaches zero. The new level applies to the next hand. Hands begin on the first riffle, push of the shuffler button, or on the dealer push. If a hand starts at the prior level by mistake, the hand will continue at the prior level after SA occurs (Rule 36).
24: Chip Race, Scheduled Color Ups A: At scheduled color-ups, chips will be raced off starting in seat 1, with a maximum of one chip awarded to a player. Players can't be raced out of play: a player losing his or her last chip(s) in a race will get 1 chip of the lowest denomination still in play.
B: Players must have their chips fully visible and are encouraged to witness the chip race.
C: If after the race, a player still has chips of a removed denomination, they will be exchanged for current denominations only at equal value. Chips of removed denominations that do not fully total at least the smallest denomination still in play will be removed without compensation.
25: Cards & Chips Kept Visible, Countable, & Manageable. Discretionary Color-Ups A: Players, dealers, and the floor are entitled to a reasonable estimation of chip counts; thus, chips should be kept in countable stacks. The TDA recommends clean vertical stacks of 20 same denomination chips each as a standard. Higher denomination chips must be visible and identifiable at all times. If a floorperson cannot look at a chipstack and quickly estimate its

value, players likely can't either.
B: TDs control the number and denominations of chips in play and may color up one or more players at their discretion at any time. Discretionary color ups are to be announced.
C: Players must keep live hands in plain view at all times.
26: Deck Changes Deck changes will be on the dealer push or level changes or as prescribed by the house. Players may not ask for deck changes.
27: Re-buys Players may not miss a hand. Players declaring intent to rebuy before a hand are playing chips behind and must make the re-buy.
28: Rabbit Hunting Rabbit hunting (revealing cards that would have come if the hand had not ended) is not allowed.
29: Calling for a Clock Players should act in a timely manner to maintain a reasonable pace of the game. If in TD's judgement reasonable time has passed, he or she may call the clock or approve a clock request by any player in the event. Players must be at their seats to call for a clock (Rule 30). A player on the clock has up to 25 seconds plus a 5 second countdown to act. If the player faces a bet and time expires, the hand is dead; if not facing a bet, the hand is checked. A tie goes to the player. TDs may adjust the time allowed and take other steps to fit the game and stop persistent delays. See also Rules 2 and 70
Player Present / Eligible for Hand
30: At Your Seat and Live Hands To have a live hand, players must be at their seats when the last card is dealt to all players

on the initial deal. Players not then at their seats may not look at their cards which are killed immediately. Their posted blinds and antes forfeit to the pot and an absent player dealt the stud bring-in card posts the bring-in. "At your seat" means in reach of your chair. This rule is not intended to encourage players to be out of their seats while in a hand.
31: At the Table with Action Pending Players with live hands (including players all-in or otherwise finished betting) must remain at the table for all betting rounds and showdown. Leaving the table is incompatible with protecting your hand and following the action and is subject to penalty.
Button / Blinds
32: Dead Button Tournament play will use a dead button.
33: Dodging Blinds Players who intentionally dodge any blind will incur a penalty.
34: Button in Heads-up Heads-up, the small blind is the button, is dealt the last card, and acts first pre-flop and last on all other betting rounds. Starting heads-up play, the button may need to be adjusted to ensure no player has the big blind twice in a row.
Dealing Rules
35: Misdeals and Fouled Decks A: Misdeals include but are not necessarily limited to: 1) 2 or more boxed cards on the initial deal; 2) first card dealt to the wrong seat; 3) cards dealt to a seat not entitled to a hand; 4) a seat entitled to a hand is dealt out; 5) the wrong number of cards is dealt to any player (except Rule 37); 6) Before SA, a non-standard

card for the game type is found (example: jokers, 2-3-4-5 in short deck); 7) In flop games, if 1 of the first 2 cards dealt off the deck or any other 2 downcards are exposed by dealer error. House rules apply for draw games (ex: lowball).
B: Players may be dealt 2 consecutive cards on the button (see also Rule 37).
C: In misdeals, the re-deal is an exact re-play: the button does not move, no new players are seated, and limits stay the same. Cards are dealt to players on penalty or not at their seats for the original deal (Rule 30), then their hands are killed. The original deal and re-deal count as one hand for a player on penalty, not two.
D: Once substantial action occurs (see Rule 36) a misdeal cannot be declared; the hand must proceed unless the deck is fouled. Nonstandard cards found after SA are treated as scraps of paper (exception: fouled decks).
E: Fouled decks. If 2 or more cards of the same suit and rank are found, the deck is fouled. Other fouled deck conditions may be defined by local gaming regulations and house policy. If a fouled deck is discovered, regardless of SA, play will stop and all bets will be returned. Once a hand concludes, the right to dispute based on a fouled deck ends according to Rule 22.
36: Substantial Action (SA) Substantial Action is either A) any 2 actions in turn, at least one of which puts chips in the pot (i.e. any 2 actions except 2 checks or 2 folds) or B) any combination of 3 actions in turn (check, bet, raise, call, fold). Posted blinds do not count towards SA. See Rules 35-D & 53-B.
37: Button with Too Few Cards A player on the button dealt too few cards should announce it immediately. Missing button cards may be replaced even after substantial

action if permitted for the game type. However, if the button acts on a hand with too few cards (by check or bet), the button's hand is dead.
38: Burns After Substantial Action The burn card is to protect the stub, not "preserve card order". If SA occurs and a hand is killed due to the wrong number of cards, all cards of the killed hand are mucked and randomness applies to further dealing (See also RP-14 Randomness). The stub is treated as a normal stub and one and only one card is burned off the stub for each subsequent street. The burn is always one card per street, never more. See Illustration Addendum.
39: Irregular Flops & Premature-Dealt Cards A: 4-Card Flops. If the flop has 4 rather than 3 cards, exposed or not, and regardless of whether the door card is presumed known, the floor will be called. The dealer then scrambles the 4 cards face down, the floor randomly selects 1 as the next burn card and the other 3 are the flop (See also RP-14 Randomness).
B: If there was no burn on a 3-card flop, exposed or not and regardless of whether the door card is presumed known, if no action has occurred, the 3 cards are scrambled face down, one chosen as the burn. The flop will be the other 2 cards plus the next card off the stub. If any action (even one check) has occurred, play proceeds with the initial 3 cards. Only one card is burned for the turn.
C: For prematurely dealt cards, see Recommended Procedure 5.
D: Reshuffling During a Hand. To protect game integrity, anytime the stub must be re-shuffled during the play of a hand, the cards must be shuffled face-down and unexposed. Examples include premature cards (Rule 39 and RP-5),

disordered stub (RP-4), extra draw or stud cards (RP-10-H), etc.
Play: Bets & Raises
40: Methods of Betting: Verbal and Chips A: Bets are by verbal declaration and/or pushing out chips. If a player does both, whichever is first defines the bet. If simultaneous, a clear and reasonable verbal declaration takes precedence, otherwise the chips play. In unclear situations or where verbal and chips are contradictory, the TD will determine the bet based on the circumstances and Rule 1. See Illustration Addendum. See also Rule 57.
B: Verbal declarations may be general ("call", "raise"), a specific amount only ("one thousand") or both ("raise, one thousand").
C: For all betting rules, declaring a specific amount only is the same as silently pushing out an equal amount. Ex: Declaring "two hundred" is the same as silently pushing out 200 in chips.
41: Methods of Calling Standard and acceptable forms of calling include: A) saying "call"; B) pushing out chips equal to a call; C) silently pushing out an overchip; or D) silently pushing out multiple chips equal to a call under the multi-chip rule (Rule 45). Silently betting chip(s) relatively tiny to the bet (ex: blinds 2k-4k. A bets 50k, B then silently puts out one 1k chip) is non-standard, strongly discouraged, subject to penalty, and will be interpreted at TDs discretion, including being ruled a full call.
42: Methods of Raising In no-limit or pot-limit, a raise must be made by A) pushing out the full amount in one motion; B) verbally declaring the full amount prior to pushing out chips. It is the responsibility of

players to make their intentions clear. Note: 2motion raises eliminated in 2019.
43: Raise Amounts A: A raise must be at least equal to the largest prior full bet or raise of the current betting round. A player who raises 50% or more of the largest prior bet but less than a minimum raise must make a full minimum raise. If less than 50% it is a call unless "raise" is first declared or the player is all-in (Rule 45-B). Declaring an amount or pushing out the same amount of chips is treated the same (Rule 40-C). Ex: NLHE, opening bet is 1000, verbally declaring "Fourteen hundred" or silently pushing out 1400 in chips are both calls unless raise is first declared. See Illustration Addendum.
B: Without other clarifying information, declaring raise and an amount is the total bet. Ex: A opens for 2000, B declares "Raise, eight thousand." The total bet is 8000.

than the 1100 call amount. Ex-2: NLHE 25-50. Post-flop A opens for 1050 and B puts out his last chips (two 1000's). B calls unless raise or all-in was first declared.
B: If every chip is not needed to make the call; i.e. removing just one of the smallest chips leaves the call amount or more: 1) if the player has chips remaining, the 50% standard in Rule 43 governs the bet. 2) A bet of a player's last chip(s) is an all-in bet whether reaching the 50% threshold or not. See Addendum.
46: Prior Bet Chips Not Pulled In A: To avoid confusion, players with prior-bet chips not yet pulled in who face a raise should verbalize their action before adding chips to the prior bet.
B: If facing a raise, clearly pulling back a prior bet chip binds a player to call or raise; he or she may not put the chip(s) back out and fold.

B: In limit, at least 50% of a full bet or raise is required to re-open betting for players who have already acted. See Illustration Addendum.
48: Number of Allowable Raises There is no cap on the number of raises in nolimit and pot-limit. In limit play, there is a limit to raises even when heads-up until the event is down to 2 players; the house limit applies.
49: Accepted Action Poker is a game of alert, continuous observation. It is the caller's responsibility to determine the correct amount of an opponent's bet before calling, regardless of what is stated by others. If a caller requests a count but receives incorrect information from a dealer or player, then pushes out that amount or declares call, the caller has accepted the full correct action & is subject to the correct wager or all-in amount. As with all situations, Rule 1 may apply at TD's discretion. See also RP-12.

44: Oversized Chip Betting (Overchips) If facing a bet or blind, pushing out a single oversized chip (including your last chip) is a call if raise isn't first declared. To raise with an overchip you must declare raise before the chip hits the table surface. If raise is declared but no amount is stated, the raise is the maximum allowable for the chip. If not facing a bet, pushing out an overchip silently (no declaration) is a bet of the maximum for the chip.
45: Multiple Chip Betting A: If facing a bet, unless raise or all-in is declared first, a multiple-chip bet (including a bet of your last chips) is a call if every chip is needed to make the call; i.e. removal of just one of the smallest chips leaves less than the call amount. Ex-1: Player A opens for 400: B raises to 1100 total (a 700 raise), C puts out one 500 and one 1000 chip silently. This is a call because removing the 500 chip leaves less

C: If new chip(s) are added silently and the bet is unclear to the house, the call and raise rules 41-45 apply as follows: 1) If prior chips don't cover the call AND are either left alone OR fully pulled back, an overchip is a call and multiple new chips are subject to the 50% raise standard (Rule 43). 2) If prior chips are partly pulled back OR if prior chips cover the call, the combined final chip bet is a raise if reaching the 50% standard (Rules 43 & 45), if less it is a call. See Illustration Addendum.
47: Re-Opening the Bet. A: In no-limit and pot limit, an all-in wager (or cumulative multiple short all-ins) totaling less than a full bet or raise will not reopen betting for players who have already acted and are not facing at least a full bet or raise when the action returns to them. If multiple short all-ins re-open the betting, the minimum raise is always the last full valid bet or raise of the round (See Rule 43).

50: Acting in Turn A: Players must act in turn verbally and/or by pushing out chips. Action in turn is binding and commits chips to the pot that stay in the pot.
B: Players must wait for clear bet amounts before acting. Ex: NLHE, A says "raise" (but no amount), and B quickly folds. B should wait to act until A's raise amount is clear.
51: Binding Declarations / Undercalls in Turn A: General verbal declarations in turn (such as "call" or "raise") commit a player to the full current action. See Illustration Addendum
B: A player undercalls by declaring or pushing out less than the call amount without first declaring "call". An undercall is a mandatory full call if made in turn facing 1) any bet heads-up or 2) the opening bet on any round multi-way. In other situations, TD's discretion applies. The

opening bet is the first chip bet of each betting round (not a check). In blind games the posted BB is the pre-flop opener. All-in buttons reduce undercall frequency (See Recommended Procedure 1). This rule governs when players must make a full call and when, at TDs discretion they may forfeit the amount of the intended undercall and fold (see Illustration Addendum). For underbets and underraises, see Rule 52.
C: If two or more undercalls occur in sequence, play backs up to the first undercaller who must correct his or her bet per Rule 51-B. The TD will determine how to treat hands of the remaining bettors based on the circumstances.
52: Incorrect Bets, Underbets & Underraises A: In limit and no-limit, opening or raising less than the minimum legal amount is corrected anywhere on the current street (if on the river any time before showdown starts). Ex: NLHE 100-200, post-flop A opens for 600 and B raises to 1000 (a 200 underraise). C and D call, E folds then the error is noticed. Increase the bet to 1200 total for all bettors any time before the turn is dealt. After the turn the error stands. For undercalls, see Rule 51.
B: In pot limit, if a player underbets the pot based on an inaccurate count, if the pot count is too high (an illegal bet), it will be corrected for all players anywhere on the current street; if too low, corrected until substantial action occurs after the bet. See Illustration Addendum.
53: Action Out of Turn (OOT) A: Any action out of turn (check, call, or raise) will be backed up to the correct player in order. The OOT action is subject to penalty and is binding if action to the OOT player does not change. A check, call or fold by the correct player does not change action. If action changes, the OOT action is not binding; any bet

or raise is returned to the OOT player who has all options: call, raise, or fold. An OOT fold is binding. See Illustration Addendum.
B: Players skipped by OOT action must defend their right to act. If a skipped player had reasonable time and does not speak up before substantial action (Rule 36) OOT occurs after the player, the OOT action is binding. Action backs up and the floor will rule on how to treat the skipped hand given the circumstances, including ruling the hand dead or limiting the player to non-aggressive action. See Addendum.
54: Pot Size & Pot-Limit Bets A: Players are entitled to a pot count in pot-limit only. Dealers will not count the pot in limit and no-limit.
B: Pre-flop a short all-in blind will not affect calculation of the maximum pot limit bet. Postflop, bets are based on actual pot size.
C: Declaring "I bet the pot" is not a valid bet in no-limit but it does bind the player to making a valid bet (at least a minimum bet) and may be subject to penalty. Players facing a bet must make a valid raise.
55: Invalid Bet Declarations If a player faces no bet and: A) declares "call", it is a check; B) declares "raise", the player must make at least a minimum bet. A player declaring "check" when facing a bet may call or fold, but cannot raise.
56: String Bets and Raises Dealers will call string bets and raises.
57: Non-Standard & Unclear Betting Players use unofficial betting terms and gestures at their own risk. These may be interpreted to mean other than what the player

intended. Also, if a declared bet can legally have multiple meanings, it will be ruled the highest reasonable amount that is less than or equal to the pot size* before the bet. Ex: NLHE 200-400, the pot totals less than 5000, player declares "I bet five." With no other clarifying information, the bet is 500; if the pot totals 5000 or more, the bet is 5000. *The pot is the total of all prior bets including any bets in front of a player not yet pulled in. See Rules 2, 3, 40 & 42
58: Non-Standard Folds Any time before the end of the final betting round, folding in turn if there's no bet to you (ex: facing a check or first to act post-flop) or folding out of turn are binding folds subject to penalty. See also 15-B.
59: Conditional & Premature Declarations A: Conditional statements of future action are non-standard and strongly discouraged. At TDs discretion they may be binding and/or penalized. Example: "if ­ then" statements such as "If you bet, I will raise."
B: If Player A declares "bet" or "raise" and B calls before A's exact bet amount is known, the TD will rule the bet as best fits the situation including possibly obliging B to call any amount.
60: Count of Opponent's Chip Stack Players, dealers, and the floor are entitled to a reasonable estimation of opponents' chip stacks (Rule 25). A player may request a more precise count only if facing an all-in bet and it is his or her turn to act. The all-in player is not required to count; on request the dealer or floor will count it. Accepted action applies (Rule 49). Visible and countable chip stacks (Rule 25) greatly improve counting accuracy.
61: Over-Betting Expecting Change Betting should not be used to obtain change. Pushing out more than the intended bet can

confuse everyone at the table. All chips pushed out silently are at risk of being counted in the bet. Ex: the opening bet is 325 to player A who silently puts out 525 (one 500 and one 25), expecting 200 change. This is a raise to 650 under the multiple chip rule (Rule 45).
62: All-In with Chips Found Behind Later If A bets all-in and a hidden chip is found behind after a player calls, the TD will determine if the chip behind is part of accepted action (Rule 49). If not part of the action, A is not paid off for the chip(s) if he or she wins. If A loses, he or she is not saved by the chip(s) and the TD may award the chip(s) to the winning caller.
Play: Other
63: Chips Out of View and in Transit Players may not hold or transport chips in a way that takes them out of view. A player who does so will forfeit the chips and may be disqualified. The forfeited chips will be taken out of play. The TDA recommends the house provide racks or bags to transport chips when needed.
64: Lost and Found Chips Lost and found chips for which ownership cannot be determined will be taken out of play and returned to tournament inventory.
65: Accidentally Killed / Fouled / Exposed Hands A: Players must protect their hands at all times, including at showdown while waiting for hands to be read. If the dealer kills a hand by mistake or if in TDs judgement a hand is fouled and cannot be identified to 100% certainty, the player has no redress and is not entitled to a refund of called bets. If the player initiated a bet or raise and hasn't been called, the uncalled amount will be returned.
B: If a hand is fouled but can be identified, it remains in play despite any cards exposed.

66: Dead Hands and Mucking in Stud In stud poker, if a player picks up the upcards while facing action, the hand is dead. Proper mucking in stud is turning down all up cards and pushing them all forward face down.
Etiquette & Penalties
67: No Disclosure. One Player to a Hand Players must protect other players in the tournament at all times. Therefore players, whether in the hand or not, must not:
1. Discuss contents of live or mucked hands,
2. Advise or criticize play at any time, 3. Read a hand that hasn't been tabled. One-player-to-a-hand is in effect. Among other things, this rule prohibits showing a hand to or discussing strategy with another player, advisor, or spectator.
68: Exposing Cards and Proper Folding Exposing cards with action pending, including the current player when last to act, may result in a penalty but not a dead hand. Any penalty begins at the end of the hand. When folding, cards should be pushed forward low to the table, not deliberately exposed or tossed high ("helicoptered"). See Rule 66.
69: Ethical Play Poker is an individual game. Soft play will result in penalties, which may include chip forfeiture and/or disqualification. Chip dumping and other forms of collusion will result in disqualification.
70: Etiquette Violations Etiquette violations are subject to enforcement actions in Rule 71. Examples include but are not limited to: persistent delay of the game, unnecessarily touching another player's person, cards or chips, repeatedly acting out of turn, maintaining poor card or chip visibility and countability, betting out of reach of the dealer,

abusive conduct, offensive hygiene, and excessive chatter.
71: Warnings, Penalties, & Disqualification A: Enforcement options include but are not limited to verbal warnings, one or more "missed hand" or "missed round" penalties, and disqualification. For missed rounds, the offender will miss one hand for every player (including him or her) at the table when the penalty is given multiplied by the number of penalty rounds. Repeat infractions are subject to escalating penalties. Players away from the table or on penalty may be anted or blinded out of a tournament.
B: A penalty may be invoked for etiquette violations (Rule 70), card exposure with action pending, throwing cards, violating one-playerto-a-hand, or similar incidents. Penalties will be given for soft play, abuse, disruptive behavior, or cheating. Checking the exclusive nuts when last to act on the river is not an automatic soft play violation; TD's discretion applies based on the situation.
C: Players on penalty must be away from the table. Cards are dealt to their seats, their blinds and antes posted, their hands are killed after the initial deal, and if dealt the stud bring-in they must post the bring-in.
D: Chips of a disqualified player shall be removed from play.
TDA Recommended Procedures and Illustration Addendum: See all longform versions of the TDA Rules at the website: http://www.PokerTDA.com

