                                  2026 World Series of Poker® Official Tournament Rules

   Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino and Horseshoe Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada

SECTION I ­ TOURNAMENT REGISTRATION AND ENTRY

1. As used herein, (a) "Host Properties"" means Paris Las Vegas Properties, LLC and Parball Newco, LLC, (b)
"Casino" means the facilities at the Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, located at 3655 S. Las Vegas Blvd, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89109 and/or the facilities at the Horseshoe Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, located at 3645 S.
Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109 (c) "WSOP" or "Tournament" means the 2026 World Series of
Poker® event taking place at the Casino from May 26, 2026 through August 5, 2026 (dates subject to change),
and (d) "WSOP Event" or "Event" means any individual WSOP poker tournament event. A current list of WSOP
Events is available at www.WSOP.com/2026 and is subject to change.

2. Entry into any WSOP Event is limited to persons 21 years of age and older, with proof of age, that Host
Properties, acting in their sole and absolute discretion, deem appropriate. For most WSOP Events, only one (1)
entry is allowed per person (each, a "Participant"). Exceptions for re-entry Events are described below in Rule
13. Certain WSOP Events may have age or other requirements. Review each WSOP Event's structure sheet,
available at WSOP.com and/or the WSOP registration area, for complete details before registering. Host
Properties and/or Casino reserves the right to refuse anyone entry into any or all WSOP Events, in its sole and
absolute discretion, at any time, including before or during the registration process or after a WSOP Event has
started. All participants must comply with all rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, all applicable
federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations and CDC guidelines relating to COVID-19 in effect at the time of
the tournament. WSOP and/or Host Properties reserves the right to modify any and all Official Tournament Rules
and/or procedures at any time in the interest of health and public safety and reserves the right to adopt and
implement Rules that exceed or enhance the minimum requirements of applicable federal, state, and local laws,
rules, regulations and CDC guidelines relating to COVID-19 (which could include, but is not limited to, vaccination
requirements, testing requirements, screening requirements, etc.). All inquiries about Official Tournament Rules
and procedures may be sent to WSOP Operations Manager Andy Rich at [arich@caesars.com].

3. Participants may register for any scheduled WSOP Event (a) in person at the WSOP registration area located
within the Casino, or (b) online using the WSOP LIVE online registration application (see Rule 4). For in-person
registration, Accepted Payment Methods for WSOP Buy-ins (In-Person):

    · Cash
    · Cashier's Checks ­ Must be drawn from an accredited bank and made payable to either the Participant

         or Paris Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Approval is required prior to arrival by emailing a copy of the check
         to czrcredit@caesars.com.
    · Paris Las Vegas or Horseshoe Las Vegas Gaming Chips
    · Paris Tournament Account (Paris TA):

              o Participants can fund their Paris TA in person using cash or Paris/Horseshoe gaming chips.
    · Paris Tournament Account (TA) Usage:

                                                                   1
              o Once a Paris TA is set up at the WSOP Main Cage in the Versailles Ballroom, Participants can
                   use the funds to register for any 2026 WSOP Event--in person or through WSOP LIVE online
                   registration.

              o Participants may also choose to deposit their tournament winnings into their Paris TA for future
                   use during the series.

              o Any remaining TA balance at the end of the 2026 WSOP will be returned using the original deposit
                   method

    · Wire Transfers are also accepted, but they require:
                                   A minimum deposit of $100,000
                                   A pre-approval code can be obtained by contacting Andy Rich at
                                       arich@caesars.com
                                   The code must be referenced on the Wire Transfer or funds will be returned.

4. Subject to the restrictions described in these rules, online registrations can be initiated by completing the
registration process by downloading the WSOP LIVE application at https://www.wsoplive.com or by
downloading the application directly from the Apple (IOS Devices) or Google (Android Devices) Store. To begin
online registration, Participant must have an active and valid Caesars Rewards account (see Rule 10) and a
WSOP LIVE account. Registration for both accounts is required to participate in any WSOP Event.
Registration for both accounts is free. Terms of Service for WSOP LIVE can be found here at
https://wsoplive.com/terms-of-service

Methods of payment for online registration:

         a. Credit Card / Debit Card - First time credit / debit card registration requires an in-person verification
              process. After registering, Participants must present the physical credit / debit card (virtual credit /
              debit cards are not accepted as proof of verification) used for registration payments along with a valid
              ID at the WSOP Verification area located inside the Versailles Ballroom. Participants using credit /
              debit cards must have a valid ID that matches the cardholder's name present on the credit / debit
              card used for the transaction. The name on the ID must match the name on the credit / debit card.
              Please allow at least one hour prior to the WSOP Event start time for first-time credit / debit card
              registrations. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial online registration and paid via credit /
              debit card and (ii) has completed their initial in-person identification and credit / debit card verification
              at the Versailles Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant may register for
              additional WSOP Events online using the same previously verified credit / debit card. Once
              registered, a Participant may access their ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket
              printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main Cage. Credit / Debit Card registrations have a
              $10,000.00 maximum per transaction. As an example, Participant may use a credit / debit card to
              register for the $10,000.00 Main Event and the $1,500 Monster Stack Event, but a Participant may
              not use a credit / debit card to register for the $50,000.00 Poker Player's Championship Event.

         b. ACH transaction (US Participants only) - First time ACH registration requires an in-person verification
              process. After registering, Participants must present a valid ID at the WSOP Verification area. The
              name on the ID must match the name on the tournament registration and the bank account used to
              execute the ACH transaction. Please allow at least one hour prior to the WSOP Event start time for
              first-time ACH registrations. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial online registration and
              paid via ACH transaction and (ii) has completed their initial in-person identification verification at the
              Versailles Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant may register for additional
              WSOP Events online using the same ACH transaction method. Once registered, a Participant may
              access their ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket printed at the Verification Desk
              or WSOP Main Cage.

         c. PayPal - First time PayPal registration requires an in-person verification process. After registering,
              Participants must present a valid ID at the WSOP Verification area. The name on the ID must match
              the name on the tournament registration and the PayPal account used to execute the PayPal

                                                                   2
    transaction. Please allow at least one hour prior to the WSOP Event start time for first-time PayPal
    registrations. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial online registration and paid via PayPal
    transaction and (ii) has completed their initial in-person identification verification at the Versailles
    Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant may register for additional WSOP Events
    online using the PayPal transaction method. Once registered, a Participant may access their ticket
    in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main
    Cage.

d. Luxon Pay (Non-US Participants only) - First time Luxon Pay registration requires an in-person
    verification process. After registering, Participants must present a valid ID at the WSOP Verification
    area. The name on the ID must match the name on the tournament registration and the Luxon Pay
    account used to execute the Luxon Pay transaction. Please allow at least one hour prior to the WSOP
    Event start time for first-time Luxon Pay registrations. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial
    online registration and paid via Luxon Pay transaction and (ii) has completed their initial in-person
    identification verification at the Versailles Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant
    may register for additional WSOP Events online using the Luxon Pay transaction method. Once
    registered, a Participant may access their ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket
    printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main Cage.

e. MoonPay - First time MoonPay registration requires an in-person verification process. After
    registering, Participants must present a valid ID at the WSOP Verification area. The name on the
    ID must match the name on the tournament registration and the MoonPay account used to execute
    the MoonPay transaction. Please allow at least one hour prior to the WSOP Event start time for
    first-time MoonPay registrations. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial online registration
    and paid via MoonPay transaction and (ii) has completed their initial in-person identification
    verification at the Versailles Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant may
    register for additional WSOP Events online using the MoonPay transaction method. Once
    registered, a Participant may access their ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket
    printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main Cage.

f. Paris TA (Paris Tournament Account) - Participants must first setup their Paris TA at the WSOP Main
    Cage located in the Versailles Ballroom. Once a participant has (i) setup their Paris TA and (ii)
    deposited funds into their Paris TA, the Participant may register for WSOP Events on the WSOP LIVE
    application using the Paris TA method of payment. Once registered, a Participant may access their
    ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have their ticket printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP
    Main Cage.

g. WSOP Online Qualifiers - Participants who win a ticket to any WSOP Event on the Real Money Online
    Poker Site WSOP Online (formerly WSOP.com) will be able to access and use their tournament
    tickets to pay for their WSOP event through WSOP LIVE after successfully creating a WSOP LIVE
    account, providing a valid Caesars Rewards Number, and completing the verification process. First
    WSOP Online Qualifier registration requires an in-person verification process. After registering,
    Participants must present a valid ID at the WSOP Verification area. The name on the ID must match
    the name on the tournament registration. Once a Participant (i) has completed their initial online
    registration and paid using their WSOP Online ticket and (ii) has completed their initial in-person
    identification verification at the Versailles Ballroom in the Paris convention center area, the Participant
    may register for additional WSOP Events online using the same WSOP Online Qualifier transaction
    method. Once registered, a Participant may access their ticket in the WSOP LIVE application, or have
    their ticket printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main Cage.

h. WSOP Landmark Satellite Winners - Participants who win a direct entry ticket to any WSOP Event at
    the Casino in a Landmark Satellite will be able to access and use their tournament tickets to WSOP
    events through WSOP LIVE. Once registered, a Participant may access their ticket(s) in the WSOP
    LIVE application or have their ticket(s) printed at the Verification Desk or WSOP Main Cage.

                                                          3
              Participants who have unused satellite tickets must use them as first method of payment for the very
              next WSOP event entered, if the buy-in amount is equal to or greater than the value of the satellite
              ticket. If multiple tickets are used, the total value of all tickets cannot exceed the buy-in amount for a
              WSOP Event.

All online registrants must finalize their initial registration on site at the WSOP Verification area. Complete
instructions can be found at wsop.com/registration. Online pre-registered Participants must present current valid
and unexpired photo identification (passport, driver's license, state identification card, or military identification
card) acceptable to Host Properties in person at the WSOP registration area to complete the registration process
and to access their table and seat assignments (see identification requirements in Section 9 below). For first
time online registrations, Participant must arrive at least one hour prior to the WSOP Event start time to verify
identity and complete the registration process. Participants wishing to apply payment to a WSOP Event other
than what was selected during online pre-registration must do so in person at the Casino or must follow the
cancellation process described in Rule 21 and then register for desired Event.

5. Fees: The payment required for participation in any WSOP Event is the full amount of the Event's Buy-In,
which includes an administrative fee to cover necessary WSOP staffing, materials, and related administrative
costs. Participants may be subject to additional fees depending on method of payment used to purchase a ticket
online. There will be an additional 2% fee applied if Participant uses a Visa, Mastercard, Discover card, American
Express card, or PayPal to register. No fees will be applied to Debit Card purchases. Fees are subject to change.
In addition, anyone who uses a cashier's check or executes a wire transfer ($100,000 minimum and pre-approval
required by contacting Andy Rich at arich@caesars.com) is subject to any fees their bank imposes. These are
typical fees used in the payment processing industry for online transactions of this nature, by the vendors and
providers of these services. Host Properties are not responsible for fees incurred by third party payment
providers. Participant is responsible for payment of full registration amount and all registration fees.

6. Third-party registrations for Participants are not permitted unless submitted by official WSOP sponsors, official
WSOP promotional partners, or official WSOP product licensees. Participants are not allowed to purchase
tournament tickets to enter any WSOP Event using or under another person's name. For more information
regarding third-party entries, please contact Erik Eidissen by email at erik@wsop.com

7. Host Properties may limit the number of entries into any WSOP Event and may award entries into any Event
through any means it deems appropriate. Host Properties intend to award a limited number of entries through
satellite tournaments, third-party marketing arrangements and or other promotional activities in its sole and
absolute discretion. Host Properties will add the required entry fee(s) to the applicable prize pools.

8. Participants are responsible for payment of all taxes, licenses, registrations, and other fees associated with
Event registration.

9. Participants must show their current, valid, and unexpired photo identification (passport, driver's license, state
identification card, or military identification card) acceptable to Host Properties at the WSOP registration area
and WSOP Online Verification area. If a Participant is not a U.S. citizen, Participant must have one of the
following that is current, valid, and unexpired: passport, foreign government issued Driver's License (License
must have a photograph, date of birth, and a valid expiration date), Consular ID or Matrícula Consular Card
(Mexico only), or alien registration card is required. If the current, valid, and unexpired photo identification does
not include a physical address, a second form of ID that indicates physical address will be required. This second
form of ID can be a driver's license, utility bill, credit card statement, etc. For persons registering via the online
registration process using a credit / debit card (as described in Rule 4), they must present the credit / debit card
they used for payment when they complete the in-person verification.

10. A Participant must be a Caesars Rewards member prior to registering for any WSOP Event, satellite event,
side event, or live-action game. Caesars Rewards registration is free. Participants may register online at
www.CaesarsRewards.com or in person at (a) Caesars Rewards located in the Versailles Ballroom of the Paris
convention area, (b) the Caesars Rewards Center in the casino area of the Casino, or (c) any other Caesars

                                                                   4
Rewards Center located at a Caesars Entertainment, Inc. affiliated casino property. Caesars Rewards Rules and
Regulations can be found here: https://www.caesars.com/myrewards/caesars-rewards-rules-regs

11. Participants are responsible for checking their Event entry receipts before they leave the registration window.
All changes by Participants must be made before the start of any Event.

12. Late registration is open until the end of the level specified on the structure sheet for that applicable Event.
If there is a scheduled break at the end of the registration period for any Event, registration will remain open until
the Event resumes play.

13. Re-entry is allowed as specified on the structure sheet for the WSOP Event. Participants may re-enter these
Events by registering at the WSOP Registration area or through the online registration system. Participants
must have zero (0) chips remaining to re-enter or be subject to disqualification. At the end of the registration
period for all re-entry Events, Participants will be given the option to forfeit their current stack and pay to re-enter.
All Participants who re-enter will receive a full starting stack. Participants who re-enter will be considered a new
Participant to the Event.

14. A late registrant is defined as a Participant who registers for an Event after the Event has officially started.
Late registrants for any Event will be subject to the following rules in addition to all other rules. Late registrants
will either begin play at the start of the subsequent level or be randomly seated at tables where Participants have
already been eliminated. All late registrants will start the Event with a full chip stack. Late registrants do not have
to post to begin play but must assume first available starting position at the table, even if that means assuming
the button, small blind, or big blind during the first hand.

15. If a Participant registers for multiple Events and makes a subsequent day or the final table of an Event that
conflicts with the starting day of a subsequent Event, that Participant may either (a) transfer his or her buy-in for
the conflicting, subsequent Event to another Event, or (b) receive a refund, provided that the transfer or refund
is initiated and approved prior to the start time of the conflicting, subsequent Event. Registration fees will not be
refunded.

16. No Show Policy: Any Participant who has not taken a hand by the start of the level after the first official break
will be considered a "no show." These Participants will have their chips removed from play and will not be eligible
to participate in that Event. The buy-ins for "no shows" will be removed from the prize pool and placed on
safekeeping in that Participant's name at the Main WSOP Registration cage after the first official break has
concluded. This rule does not apply to Shootout or Heads-Up events. Participants who "no-show" in Shootout or
Heads-Up events will be blinded off. All funds placed on safekeeping due to no shows must be claimed prior to
July 15, 2026. Funds not claimed on or before that date shall be forfeited to Host Properties and shall not be
refunded for any reason whatsoever. Participants who abuse the no show policy may be subject to exclusion
from future WSOP Events and from the Casino and all casinos of Host Properties' affiliates.

17. Participation of employees and immediate family members in WSOP Events:

    a. For purposes of this section:

         I. "Employee Tournament" means the Casino Employees No-Limit Hold'em Event (Bracelet Event #2)
                and any satellite tournaments for that Event.

         II. "Bracelet Event" means any Event that awards a WSOP bracelet and any satellite tournaments for
                that Event but does not include the Employee Tournament.

         III. "Non-Bracelet Event" means any non-tournament poker game, any WSOP tournament that does not
                award a bracelet (including WSOP Daily Deep Stack Tournaments), or any other WSOP tournament
                deemed to be a "Non-Bracelet Event" hereunder by Host Properties in their discretion.

                                                                   5
         IV. "Caesars Employee" means any employee of Host Properties or any of its affiliates, including,
                without limitation, any employee of William Hill US Holdco, Inc. (fka Caesars Interactive
                Entertainment, LLC) or Caesars Enterprise Services, LLC.

         V. "WSOP Caesars Employee" means any Caesars Employee who performs any services relating to
                the operation or management of the WSOP Tournament.

         VI. "Non-WSOP Caesars Employee" means any Caesars Employee who does not perform any services
                relating to the operation or management of the WSOP Tournament.

         VII. "WSOP Personnel" means (a) any person engaged by Host Properties or its affiliates as an
                independent contractor to perform any services relating to the operation or management of the
                WSOP Tournament or (B) any person employed by a contractor or vendor of Host Properties or its
                affiliates who performs any services relating to the operation or management of the WSOP
                Tournament, excluding employees of Poker Productions.

         VIII. A person's "Immediate Family" is defined as that person's spouse, child and any other person
                residing in that person's place of residence.

         IX. "Employee Gambling Policy" means the current Caesars Entertainment Employee Gambling Policy
                applicable to the Caesars Employee.

    b. Unless prohibited by the Employee Gambling Policy, Caesars Employees can participate in the Employee
         Tournament, any Non-Bracelet Event, and any Bracelet Event.

    c. Immediate Family of WSOP Caesars Employees may participate in any Bracelet and Non-Bracelet Event
         unless prohibited by the Employee Gambling Policy.

    d. Unless prohibited by the Employee Gambling Policy, Immediate Family of Non-WSOP Caesars
         Employees can participate in both Bracelet Events and Non-Bracelet Events.

    e. Caesars Employees should refer to their Employee Handbook and closely review the Employee
         Gambling Policy to determine their eligibility to participate in WSOP Events. Caesars Employees must
         request permission from their department supervisor prior to participating in any Event, including the
         Employee Tournament.

    f. WSOP Personnel may not participate in any Bracelet Event, unless approved in advance by Host
         Properties in their sole discretion. WSOP Personnel and their Immediate Family can participate in any
         Non-Bracelet Event.

    g. Employees of ABC, its subsidiaries and affiliates and Immediate Family of such employees may not
         participate in any Bracelet Event unless approved in writing in advance by Host Properties in their sole
         discretion. If approved by Host Properties in advance, employees of ABC and their Immediate Family
         may participate in a Bracelet Event in which hole cards are not being monitored by the production staff
         of ABC. These employees and their Immediate Family can participate in any Non-Bracelet Event.

    h. Employees of Poker Central, its affiliates and their Immediate Family may not participate in any Bracelet
         Event in which hole cards are being monitored by the production staff of Poker Central. If approved by
         Host Properties in advance, employees of Poker Central and their Immediate Family may participate in
         a Bracelet Event in which hole cards are not being monitored by the production staff of Poker Central.
         Poker Central employees and their Immediate Family can participate in any Non-Bracelet Event.

18. Individuals who are excluded from casino facilities, owned or operated by Caesars Entertainment, Inc. or
any of its affiliates/subsidiaries, either through a trespass, government program or by their own request, are not

                                                                   6
eligible to participate in any WSOP Event. In addition, any individual may be excluded from an Event before,
during or afterwards at WSOP Management's discretion for any reason (e.g., cheating, abusive behavior).

19. Each Participant must certify his or her own eligibility in-person as set forth in these WSOP Official
Tournament Rules (see Rule 4 and Rule 9 for additional details).

20. No teams, substitutes, transfers or assisted play will be permitted, except as allowed in the rules for
designated "Tag Team" Events. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Host Properties reserve the right to
accommodate Participants based on special needs.

21. Cancellations or voids must be completed prior to the start of the applicable Event. For cancellation of in-
person registrations, Participants must visit the WSOP registration area or contact WSOP Director of Poker
Operations, Andy Rich, by email at arich@caesars.com, for a cancellation form. The cancellation form must be
signed and received prior to the start of the applicable Event. Email notification is also acceptable provided such
notification is received and approved by Host Properties prior to the start of the Event. Cancellations of online
reservations should be made on the WSOP LIVE application prior to the start time of an Event. Cancellations
for online registrations after the start of an event, must be done in person at the WSOP registration area. For
third-party registrations, Host Properties will only issue refunds related to the third party that paid Host Properties
the registration fee. Only the Event registration amount will be refunded. Any service charges incurred during
the registration process will not be refunded for cancellations.

22. Any Participant who registers in person, submits an online registration, authorizes an approved third-party to
submit an online registration on Participant's behalf, or otherwise participates in any Event accepts all terms and
conditions of these WSOP Official Tournament Rules.

23. Use of online registration as described in these WSOP Official Tournament Rules is void where prohibited
or in any way restricted by applicable law.

24. Entries will be retained for record-keeping purposes in accordance with local legal requirements. Information
documenting tournament rules, amendments, criteria for entry and winning, names of entrants, prize winners
and prizes awarded will be retained for five (5) years. You may request a copy of your personal WSOP win / loss
statement going back up to five (5) years by emailing wsopfaq@caesars.com.

25. Participant acknowledges that WSOP Events will be recorded and published in and through various mediums
and media and that such publication shall include, but shall not be limited to, publication of Participants' "hole
cards" and other elements of strategic information. When and immediately upon request of Host Properties
personnel, WSOP Participants shall be required to display hole cards to hole card cameras and/or WSOP
Personnel. Except for Section 17, WSOP Personnel means any employee of Caesars Entertainment, Inc. or its
affiliates/subsidiaries, contractors/vendors or any other person who performs any services relating to the
operation or management of the WSOP Tournament. Any Participant who delays or refuses to display said hole
cards or otherwise interferes with said request shall be subject to penalties in accordance with Rules 40, 113,
and 114.

SECTION II ­ WSOP EVENT SCHEDULING

26. WSOP Event times are approximate. Host Properties reserves the right to change Event times in its sole and
absolute discretion.

27. Host Properties may cancel, modify, relocate, or reschedule the WSOP Tournament or any individual Event
for any reason with prior notification to the appropriate gaming regulators (if required).

28. Host Properties are not responsible for electronic transmission errors or delays resulting in omission,
interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to
or alterations of entry materials, or for technical, hardware, software, or telephone failures of any kind, lost or

                                                                   7
unavailable connections, fraud, incomplete, garbled, or delayed computer transmissions, whether caused by
Host Properties, users, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the promotion
or by any technical or human error that may occur in the processing of submissions, any of which may limit,
restrict, or prevent a Participant's ability to participate in the Event.

29. Host Properties are not responsible for injuries or losses arising or resulting from participation in the WSOP
and are not liable for any acts or omissions by employees, whether negligent or willful, in the conduct of the
WSOP, and is not liable in the event of any equipment or software malfunction. This includes, but is not limited
to, any loss of any Event chips that Participants leave at playing tables during Event play.

30. If for any reason an Event is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs,
tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, weather, or any other causes within or beyond
the control of Host Properties that corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper
conduct of the WSOP Tournament or any Event, Host Properties reserve the right at its sole discretion to cancel,
terminate, modify or suspend the WSOP Tournament or Event.

SECTION III ­ PRIZES AND SEATING

31. Prizes and entries are non-transferable. Prize structures depend on the number of entrants and type of Event.
Prizes are paid out as posted. Prizes can be monetary (cash equivalent) or non-monetary; for example, a direct
entry into a WSOP Event. If a prize pool is posted and contains erroneous information, WSOP Management
reserves the right to correct the prize pool at any time during or after an Event concludes to reconcile any
shortage or overage incurred as a result of an error. Approximate prize pools for Tournament prizes can be
viewed at 2026 WSOP Payout Calculator.

32. Winners are responsible for payment of all taxes, licenses, registrations, and other fees associated with
WSOP Event prizes. Any bounties collected by a Participant will be added to any prize winnings for that bounty
event and will also be subject to taxes.

33. Winners must show their current valid and unexpired photo identification (passport, driver's license, state
identification card, or military identification card) acceptable to Host Properties to collect prizes. If a Participant
is not a U.S. citizen, a current valid and unexpired photo identification passport, foreign government issued
Driver's License (must have a photograph, date of birth, and valid expiration date), consular identification, or
alien registration card is required. If the current valid and unexpired photo identification does not include a
physical address, a second form of ID that indicates physical address will be required, i.e., driver's license, utility
bill, credit card statement, etc.

34. Entrants will be assigned to a table and seat through a random computer selection or random manual system
in event of computer failure or for late registrants. Host Property reserves the right to add an additional chair to
any tournament table to accommodate the demand for a particular event. For example, a nine-handed event
may be played 10 handed.

35. A random seating draw for an Event will be determined based on expected participation. WSOP Tournament
management reserves the right to allow additional table seating beyond expected capacity. In the event tables
are added to an Event to accommodate unexpected registrations, those tables will be the first ones to break
when consolidating tables. Participants that register before the start of the Event will have their chip stack put in
play and blinded off. Once a chip stack goes into play for a Participant that has registered before the start of
play, there are no refunds unless WSOP Tournament Management has been notified or determines that there
are existing extenuating circumstances which will be determined on a case by case in Host Property's sole
discretion.

36. If a registered Participant is not present at the start of a WSOP Event, all forced antes and blind bets will be
removed from an absent Participant's stack accordingly. After five minutes has elapsed, if there is only one

                                                                   8
Participant present at the table, the button will advance one position every two minutes and the Participant will
be awarded the small blind and the big blind. In heads-up only Events, the button will advance one position every
minute, and the Participant will be awarded his or her opponent's blind (big or small). In Events that begin with
antes, such as Seven Card Stud, the Participant will receive one round of antes after one minute has elapsed
for each sold seat at the table. In Events with both blinds and antes such as Deuce-to-Seven No-Limit Draw,
the Participant will receive one round of blinds and antes after one minute has elapsed for each sold seat at the
table. For example, if there are six seats sold at the table, the Participant will be awarded a total of six antes and
the big and small blind every six minutes. This process will continue until a second Participant begins playing at
the table. If a Participant shows up and still has chips remaining, he or she may play his or her chips. For all
WSOP tournament events, a Participant that has registered before tournament start time will have his/her starting
chip stack put into play at the beginning of the tournament. WSOP Personnel reserves the right to keep chip
stacks out of play until Participants arrive at the table if deemed appropriate for any Event in the WSOP
Personnel's sole discretion.

37. Host Properties reserve the right to cancel, change or modify the WSOP, including modifying these 2026
World Series of Poker Official Tournament Rules, at any time, for any reason, subject to all applicable regulatory
approval, provided that such modification shall not, as of the date of such modification, materially alter or change
any Participant's prize already properly awarded.

38. Non-value WSOP chips are used for all Events and are the exclusive property of the Host Property and may
not be removed from the Event area. Participants found to be transferring chips from one Event to another or
from one Participant to another, or removing chips from play for any other reason, including but not limited to,
taking chips as souvenirs, will be subject to penalty in strict accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

39. Bounty Markers.

         a. WSOP Bounty Markers. For special "bounty" Events (each, a "Bounty Event"), Participants can
              collect "Bounty Markers" from other Participants and redeem them for the value of the "bounty," which
              will vary by Bounty Event. Bounty Markers will be issued to every Participant at registration along
              with the starting chip amount. During Bounty Events, when a Participant goes "all-in," that
              Participant's Bounty Marker will be added to pot. If more than two Participants go "all-in" during the
              same hand, the Bounty Marker for the "all-in" Participant with the smallest chip stack will be placed
              in the main pot, and the Bounty Marker for the remaining "all-in" Participants will be placed into the
              respective side pots that the "all-in" Participants are eligible to win at showdown. The Participant who
              wins a pot (main or side) will receive all the Bounty Markers in that pot. Participants may redeem
              their accumulated Bounty Markers at Player Services (located in the Versailles Ballroom) to receive
              the "bounty" value for each redeemed Bounty Marker. If a Participant is still active in a Bounty Event,
              Participant must leave at least one Bounty Marker in play. If a Participant is found to be active in
              Bounty Event without a Bounty Marker, Participant will be required to pay the bounty value to receive
              another Bounty Marker. This fee will be added to the total prize fund for the Event with no
              administration or house fees.

         b. WSOP Mystery Millions Bounty Event and the Secret Bounty Event. Bounty cards will be assigned
              to all participants that advance to Day 2 of this event. Bounties will not be distributed or won during
              Day 1 play.

         c. Prizes for bounties won and placing in bounty tournaments must be collected at the same time. Prizes
              for bounties won and placing in bounty tournaments will be combined for tax reporting.

                   1. The process for drawing these bounties will utilize an automated software/program or a
                        manual draw will be used to determine bounty values. The bounty winners will press a button
                        or draw an envelope to receive a pre-determined prize amount. If the draw results in a mystery
                        amount, the winner will draw a second time from the mystery drum to determine the prize
                        amount up to $1,000,000.

                                                                   9
                   2. If a Participant is found to be active in either the Mystery Millions Bounty Event or the Mystery
                        Bounty Event without a bounty card, the Participant may be subject to penalty and may be
                        required to pay the average value of all remaining bounties at that point in the tournament. If
                        this card is later found, the penalty payment will be returned to the Participant.

SECTION IV ­ PARTICIPANT CONDUCT AND TOURNAMENT INTEGRITY

40. The competitive integrity of the WSOP Tournament is paramount. All Participants must adhere to the spirit
and letter of these WSOP Official Tournament Rules that forbid play or any action that is illegal, unethical or
constitutes cheating or collusion in any form.

     a. Cheating is defined as any such act engaged in by a Participant to break the established rules of play to
          gain an advantage. Cheating includes, but is not limited to, acts such as: collusion; chip stealing;
          transferring non-value WSOP chips from one Event to another; introducing chips not intended for an
          Event into that Event; card marking; card substitution; or the use of any kind of cheating device.

     b. Collusion is defined as any agreement between or among two (2) or more Participants to engage in
          illegal or unethical acts against other Participants. Collusion includes, but is not limited to, acts such as:
          chip dumping; soft play; sharing card information with another Participant; sending or receiving signals
          from or to another Participant; the use of electronic communication with the intent to facilitate collusion;
          and any other act that Host Properties deem inappropriate.

               1. Chip dumping is defined as any agreement between or among two (2) or more Participants for
                    one or more of the Participants to bet chips with the intent of increasing another Participant's
                    stack.

               2. Soft play is defined as any agreement between or among two (2) or more Participants to not bet
                    or raise each other to minimize the number of chips lost by those Participants participating in the
                    agreement.

     c. All Participants are entitled to expect civility and courtesy from one another at every table and throughout
          the WSOP area. Any individual who encounters behavior that is not civil or courteous ­ or is abusive in
          any way ­ is encouraged to immediately contact a WSOP Tournament official. Participants who violate
          this rule are subject to penalty in accordance with Rules 40, 41, 42, 113, and/or 114.

     d. This rule shall include, but is not limited to, any Participant whose personal hygiene has become
          disruptive to the other Participants seated at their table. The determination as to whether an individual's
          personal hygiene is disruptive to other Participants shall be determined by WSOP Personnel which may,
          in its discretion, implement sanctions upon any such Participant who refuses to remedy the situation in
          a manner satisfactory to Host Properties.

     e. Host Properties will penalize any act that, in the sole and absolute discretion of Host Properties, is
          inconsistent with these WSOP Official Tournament Rules or the best interests of the WSOP Tournament.
          Such act includes, but is not limited to, the Participant accepting any payment or prize from a third-party
          person or entity (e.g., pursuant to a promotion, product or service) based on the outcome or results of
          any WSOP Event, in which case the Participant shall forfeit all of the WSOP prize money; if the prize
          money has already been paid to Participant, then the Host Properties shall have the right to the return
          of all the prize money plus interest.

     f. Anyone found to have engaged in or attempted to engage in any act that WSOP officials believe in their
          sole and absolute discretion compromises or could compromise the competitive integrity of the WSOP
          will be subject to sanctions imposed by Host Properties. The nature and extent of the sanctions imposed
          shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of Host Properties and may include, but shall not be limited
          to, the following:

                                                                  10
               1. FORFEITURE OF CHIPS
               2. FORFEITURE OF PRIZE MONEY
               3. EJECTION FROM AN EVENT OR THE ENTIRE WSOP TOURNAMENT
               4. LOSS OF PRIVILEGE TO PARTICIPATE IN FUTURE WSOP EVENTS
               5. EXCLUSION FROM ENTERING THE PREMISES OF CASINO AND/OR ALL DESIGNATED

                    AFFILIATES OF HOST PROPERTIES.

     g. All violations of this Section or any other violation of the WSOP Official Tournament rules, as determined
          by Host Properties in its sole discretion, may be publicly disclosed in an effort to deter future violations
          and to assist other poker tournaments in identifying Participants who engage in play or any action that
          is illegal, unethical, or constitutes cheating or collusion in any form.

41. In addition to the penalties authorized in Rule 40, Host Properties may impose penalties of any kind or nature
upon any person who gives, makes, issues, authorizes, or endorses any statement or action having, or designed
to have, an effect prejudicial or detrimental to the best interest of the WSOP as determined by Host Properties,
acting in its sole and absolute discretion. This may include, but shall not be limited to, expulsion from the Event
and property, forfeiture of a Participant's entry fee(s) and/or loss of the right to participate in this and/or any other
tournament conducted by Host Properties or its affiliates. Additionally, Host Properties may in its sole and
absolute discretion impose penalties of any kind or nature upon any person who, in Host Properties' view,
engages in inappropriate conduct during Event play.

42. Host Properties, in its sole and absolute discretion, may also disqualify any person from receiving any prize
based upon fraud, dishonesty, violation of promotional rules or other misconduct while on the property, for acts
otherwise occurring in relation to the WSOP, or as otherwise reasonable or necessary for Host Properties to
comply with applicable statutes and regulations. Host Properties also reserve the right to exclude any
individual(s) acting in a disruptive or inappropriate manner or counter to the best interests of the WSOP.
Participant agrees that if Participant files a lawsuit against Casino or any other individual or entity, involving these
Official Tournament Rules or related to Participant's removal from one or more Events, but Participant does not
prevail against each defendant, Participant shall pay each prevailing defendant the costs, expenses, and
reasonable attorney's fees, it/he/she incurred in defending Participant's lawsuit. Any Participant who initiates a
credit card dispute seeking reimbursement of any amount paid to register for any WSOP Event is subject to
permanent exclusion from Casino and all other Caesars Entertainment, Inc. affiliated casino properties/online
businesses.

43. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage, corrupt or undermine the operation of the WSOP
Tournament may be a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, Host Properties
reserve the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent of the law.

44. All decisions regarding the interpretation of the WSOP Official Tournament Rules, Event rules, Participant
eligibility, scheduling and staging of the WSOP Tournament, and penalties for misconduct lie solely with Host
Properties, whose decisions are final.

45. Host Properties' employees will use reasonable efforts to consider the best interests of the WSOP
Tournament and fairness as the top priority in the decision-making process, with the understanding that "best
interests of the WSOP Tournament and fairness" shall be determined by Host Properties, acting in its sole and
absolute discretion. Unusual circumstances can, on occasion, dictate that the technical interpretation of the rules
be balanced against the interest of fairness. Host Properties' decisions are final and cannot be appealed and
shall not give rise to any claim for monetary damages, as each Participant understands that, while poker is
primarily and largely a game of skill, the outcome of any particular hand or Event is dependent on many factors,
including, but not limited to, the cards dealt, the cards retained, and the actions of other Participants.

46. Host Properties prohibit the use of obscene or foul language in any public area of the casino at any time.
Any Participant who uses such language or makes a foul, profane, obscene, or vulgar statement, or speaks

                                                                  11
abusively or in an intimidating manner to another Participant, dealer or WSOP Personnel member will be
penalized. These penalties will be levied based on Rules 40, 113, and 114.

47. Any Participant who taunts another Participant through theatrics or gestures or engages in any form of
inappropriate behavior intended to disrupt other Participants in an Event will be subject to penalty in accordance
with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

48. Participant or staff abuse will not be tolerated. A Participant will incur a penalty up to and including
disqualification for any abuse towards another Participant or staff member, and the Participant could be asked
to leave the property. Repeated etiquette violations, including, but not limited to, touching another Participant's
cards or chips, body, or clothing, delay of game and excessive chatter will result in penalties.

49. The WSOP is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including gaming, and
all aspects of the WSOP are subject to the approval of appropriate regulatory authorities.

50. These current WSOP Official Tournament Rules and Event rules/descriptions will be available at the WSOP
facilities in the Casino as well at 2026 WSOP Tournament Rules

51. Where a situation arises that is not covered by these rules, Host Properties shall have the sole authority to
render a judgment, including the imposition of a penalty, in accordance with the best interests of the Tournament
and the maintenance of its integrity and public confidence.

SECTION V ­ PARTICIPANT LIKENESS AND IMAGE

52. Prior to entering and playing in the Tournament, each Participant must (a) execute a Participant release form;
and (b) if the Participant intends to wear logos, patches or promotional language of any kind, at any time during
Tournament play, then Participant must submit written correspondence to Host Properties or their designee at
sponsorship@wsop.com at least 24 hours prior to logos, patches or promotional language being displayed. The
written submission must be approved by the Host Properties and identify sponsor and include the specific logos
or promotional language, including their placement.

Any Participant not receiving express written consent of Host Properties or their designee shall not be allowed
to display such logos and no logos will be approved after the start of a tournament day. Any such consent for
logos, patches or promotional language shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of Host Properties or their
designee, and failure to obtain such consent may, at the option of Host Properties acting in their sole and
absolute discretion, subject the Participant to immediate disqualification at any point in the Tournament. If the
Participant is disqualified, he or she shall forfeit all entry fees paid and not be entitled to receive any Tournament
prize monies or any other prize. Under no circumstances shall logos be allowed which may be injurious or
prejudicial to the interests of Host Properties, the World Series of Poker, ABC (and their subsidiaries and
affiliates) or honest advertising and reputable business in general.

53. For all Tournaments taped for television, Participants may wear apparel with multiple logos, patches, or
promotional language provided that such apparel is submitted for review, and express consent is granted, as set
forth in Rule 52. Host Properties reserve the right at all times to impose a ban on any apparel deemed
objectionable or controversial by Host Properties, in their sole and absolute discretion, including, but not limited
to, apparel with images or logos associated with marijuana products, or entities in these lines of business.

54. The following are deemed acceptable sizes and placements for Events taped for television.

    a. Primary Garment. No single company name, brand, or affiliated and similar name or brand is to be
         represented more than twice on any individual article of clothing. Two total placements per Participant
         are deemed acceptable with no individual logo or promotional language being larger than twelve square
         inches.

                                                                  12
         1. Front or back. One placement per side is deemed acceptable. The logo, patch or block of
              promotional language may not be larger than twelve square inches.

         2. Sleeves and/or Shoulder. One placement is acceptable. No individual logo, patch or block of
              promotional language in this area is to be larger than twelve square inches.

b. Hats may be worn at tables intended for television taping but may not display any logo or promotional
    language except for those logoed items (e.g., sports teams) sold to the public through traditional
    commercial retail outlets and not deemed by Host Properties to be an advertising message; a decision
    that Host Properties will make in its sole and absolute discretion. Temporary tattoos, facial masks,
    scarves, adhesive strips for the skin, and "band-aids" with logos or promotional language are not
    permitted at any time.

         1. At the start of each production, no more than two (2) Participants seated at tables intended for
              live streaming or television coverage will be allowed to wear apparel with previously approved
              logos, patches or promotion language from the same entity.

         2. Tables designated as Feature Tables will be relocated to the production area until the filming
              segment is completed. Participants at such Feature Tables will be advised of the table's
              designation during the relocation.

         3. Should there be more than two (2) Participants representing the same entity at the start of a
              televised Final or Feature Table ­ and those Participants cannot agree which Participant will
              remove or cover their logos for the common entity ­ a WSOP official will draw high-card prior to
              the start of play to determine which Participants will be allowed to wear the logos of the common
              entity. After the draw of the high card, the affected Participant(s) must either cover the relevant
              logo(s) or change their apparel.

         4. Under no circumstances may Participants seated at televised Final or Feature tables add logos,
              patches or promotional language to their apparel after the beginning of that day's session of play.

c. Under no circumstances will Host Properties permit and will immediately disapprove of any Participant
    wearing any logo, slogan, or promotional language of any organization (or any parent, affiliate, or
    subsidiary of any organization) that Host Properties, acting in its sole discretion, determines:

         1. Contains any false, unsubstantiated, or unwarranted claims for any product or service, or make
              any testimonials that Host Properties, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers unethical.

         2. Advertises any non-prescription or non "over the counter" drug, tobacco product, firearm, or
              firearm ammunition.

         3. Contains any material constituting or relating to a lottery, a contest of any kind in which the public
              is unfairly treated or any enterprise, service or product that abets, assists or promotes illegal
              gambling.

         4. Contains any material that is controversial, defamatory, obscene, profane, vulgar, repulsive or
              offensive, either in theme or in treatment or that describes or depicts repellently any internal bodily
              functions or symptomatic results of internal conditions or refers to matters that are not considered
              socially acceptable topics.

         5. Advertises any pornographic products.
         6. Includes any element of intellectual property without the owner's consent to such use or that may

              give rise to any claim of infringement, misappropriation, or other form of unfair competition.
         7. Disparages or libels any person or product.
         8. Is engaged in (or is alleged to have been engaged in) conduct that Host Properties deem

              inappropriate, or which Host Properties determine could or does negatively impact the business
              or privileged license of Host Properties, its parent companies or any of its affiliates.
         9. Is or might be injurious or prejudicial to the interests of the WSOP or Host Properties or is
              otherwise contrary to honest advertising and reputable business in general. This includes, but is
              not limited to, the name or logo of any person or entity that uses or has used the trademarks,

                                                              13
                   trade names or logos of Host Properties or its affiliated companies without written authorization
                   from an authorized officer of Host Properties.

    d. Host Properties always reserve the right to impose a ban on any apparel deemed objectionable by Host
         Properties, in its sole and absolute discretion. Host Properties reserve the right to refuse entry or
         continued participation in an Event to any Participant who does not comply with the apparel rules

55. Participants may not cover or conceal their facial identity. Tournament officials must be able to always
distinguish the identity of each Participant and may instruct Participants to remove any material that inhibits their
identification or is a distraction to other Participants or Tournament officials. Participants may wear sunglasses
and sweatshirts with hoods but may be asked to remove them if Tournament officials cannot identify them.

SECTION VI ­ POKER RULES

56. Floor People: WSOP Personnel are to consider the best interest of the game and fairness as the top priority
in the decision-making process. Unusual circumstances can on occasion dictate that decisions in the interest of
fairness take priority over the technical rules. The highest WSOP Personnel authority on duty reserves the right
to overrule any floor decision.

57. Host Properties reserve the right to cancel or alter any Event at its sole discretion in the best interest of the
casino or its Participants.

58. Official Language: The English-only rule will be enforced at all WSOP tables during Tournament while cards
are in play. Participants who violate this rule are subject to penalty in accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

59. Official Terminology of Tournament Poker: Official terms are simple, unmistakable, time-honored
declarations like: bet, call, fold, check, all-in, pot (in pot-limit only), and complete. Regional terms may also meet
this standard. The use of non-standard language is at Participant's risk because it may result in a ruling other
than what the Participant intended. It is the responsibility of Participants to make their intentions clear. See Rules
60 and 90.

60. Non-Standard and Unclear Betting: Participants use unofficial betting terms and gestures at their own risk.
These may be interpreted to mean other than what the Participant intended. Also, whenever the size of a
declared bet can reasonably have multiple meanings, the bet will be valued at the largest amount possible that
does not exceed the value of the pot. Example: Blinds are 200-400 and the first Participant to act on the flop
throws out a 5K chip and announces "Five". If the amount of the pot at this time is less than 5,000, the bet will
be 500. If the amount of the pot is 5K or more, the bet will be 5,000.

61. Conditional statements regarding future action are non-standard and strongly discouraged; they may be
binding and/or subject to penalty at WSOP Personnel's discretion in accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114.
Example: "if ­ then" statements such as "If you bet, then I will raise."

62. Count of Opponent's Chip Stack: Participants are entitled to a reasonable estimation of opponents' chip
stacks. Participants may only request a more precise count if facing an all-in bet. The all-in Participant is not
required to count; if he opts not to, the dealer or floor will count it. Accepted action applies.

63. Communication: All cell phones and other voice-enabled and "ringing" electronic devices must be silenced
during Tournament play. Participants not involved in a hand (cards in muck) shall be permitted to text/email at
the table but shall not be permitted to text/email any other Participant at the table. If Host Properties, acting in its
sole and absolute discretion, believes a Participant is communicating with another Participant at the table, both
parties will be immediately disqualified from the Tournament and face imposition of additional penalties as
described in Rule 40. All Participants desiring to talk on a cell phone must be at least one table length away
from their assigned table during all said communication. Those individuals who talk on a cell phone not at least
one table length away from their assigned table shall be subject to a penalty to be determined by the WSOP

                                                                  14
Personnel. Participants at Televised Final and Feature tables must leave the tournament area to text, email or
talk on a cell phone. No cell phones or other electronic communication device (E.g... Phone, tablet, computer,
headphone cases) can be placed on a poker table.

64. Approved Electronic Devices; Prohibited Filming and Streaming:

         a. NRS 465.075 provides:
              Use or possession of device, software or hardware to obtain advantage at playing game
              prohibited. It is unlawful for any person to use, possess with the intent to use or assist another
              person in using or possessing with the intent to use any computerized, electronic, electrical or
              mechanical device, or any software or hardware, or any combination thereof, which is designed,
              constructed, altered or programmed to obtain an advantage at playing any game in a licensed
              gaming establishment or any game that is offered by a licensee or affiliate, including, without
              limitation, a device that:

              1. Projects the outcome of the game;

              2. Keeps track of cards played or cards prepared for play in the game;

              3. Analyzes the probability of the occurrence of an event relating to the game; or

              4. Analyzes the strategy for playing or betting to be used in the game,

              except as may be made available as part of an approved game or otherwise permitted by the [Nevada
              Gaming] Commission.

         b. Participants are allowed to use approved electronic devices, iPods, MP3 players and other music
              playing or noise-reduction headsets during Tournament play until the Participants have reached the
              final three tables in any Tournament, so long as the approved electronic devices are not used to
              collude or cheat in any way, are not distracting to other Participants, and do not contain or use artificial
              intelligence or any other type of electronic assistance that could give a Participant an advantage over
              another Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, WSOP Personnel may require any Participant to
              cease using any electronic device at any time for any reason and may inspect any electronic device
              when there is a reasonable suspicion that such device is being used in violation of this Rule 64.
              Failure to comply with WSOP Personnel instructions will result in penalties up to and including
              disqualification, in accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

         c. Once Participants have reached the final three tables in any Tournament, all approved electronic
              devices must be removed unless otherwise indicated by WSOP Personnel. An announcement will be
              made to Participants once they have reached the final three tables to remove all such electronic
              devices. Failure to do so will result in penalties up to and including disqualification, in accordance
              with Rules 40, 113, and 114. Participants are also not allowed to use approved electronic devices if
              their table has been deemed a Feature Table for production purposes.

         d. Electronic Assistance and Coaching: Participants and spectators are not allowed to use charts, apps,
              artificial intelligence or any other form of electronic assistance in the tournament room that could give
              a Participant an advantage over another Participant. For clarity, this restriction includes but is not
              limited to, electronic assistance that involves overlaying digital information on the real word onto a
              device; combining digital information with the real world onto a device; and showing information on a
              device. Failure to adhere to this policy will result in a penalty up to disqualification for the Participant
              and removal from the tournament room for the spectator. Spectators are also prohibited from
              providing live real-time assistance or coaching through direct (speaking) or indirect (text, e-mail,
              through any electronic device, etc.) communication to an active Participant in any WSOP event.
              Failure to adhere to this rule will result in a penalty for the Participant and removal from the tournament
                                                                  15
              room for the spectator. Non-Participants in the tournament room must adhere to the WSOP Official
              Tournament Rules, including but not limited to, no viewing of live streams on an electronic device.
              Signage will be posted in all playing areas for spectators to acknowledge that by entering the
              tournament room they agree to abide by Rule 64.

         e. Device Removal During Streaming Events: When a tournament reaches three (3) tables, WSOP
              Personnel reserves the right to remove all Participants' electronic devices. Participants will only be
              allowed to have their devices back during Participant breaks or after elimination unless approved by
              WSOP Personnel to retrieve earlier. No devices will be allowed to be used in the tournament room
              during these late stages of streamed events and no coaching from anywhere within the tournament
              room will be allowed; this includes viewing of the tournament stream and usage of any electronic
              assistance. Failure to adhere to this rule will result in a penalty for the participant and removal from
              the tournament room for the spectator.

         f. Participants without an official media credential are prohibited from using any electronic or other
              devices to record or capture continuous video or audio footage at any time during Tournament play,
              whether the Participant is involved in a hand or not, with the exception of capturing their own all-in
              moment once all action is complete at their table. Recording, capturing and/or live streaming video
              or audio footage of the Tournament, and any attempt to use such recorded, captured, or streamed
              video or audio by a Participant without an official media credential, whether involved in a hand or not,
              will subject the Participant to penalties and potential disqualification, in the sole and absolute
              discretion of Host Properties, as described in Rule 40, 113, and 114.

         g. Participants are prohibited from using betting apps, gaming charts, or any poker information tool while
              involved in a hand.
                   1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participants may utilize the WSOP LIVE registration app,
                        WSOP.com, or Caesars Mobile Sports App while involved in a hand as use of these
                        applications does not give an unfair advantage to the Participant.

65. Random Correct Seating: Tournament and satellite seats will be randomly assigned. A Participant who
started the Tournament in the wrong seat with the correct chip stack amount will be moved to the correct seat
and will take their current total chip stack with them. Participants who start the Tournament in the wrong seat in
a shootout or heads-up Event will be handled on a case-by-case basis. WSOP Personnel reserves the right to
relocate Participants from their assigned seat to accommodate Participants based on special needs, and to
balance tables at the start of the Tournament.

66. Breaking Order: The breaking order for an Event will be posted at the close of registration for that Event. The
table to which a Participant is moved will be specified by a predetermined procedure. Participants going from a
broken table to fill in seats assume the rights and responsibilities of the position. They can get the big blind, the
small blind or the button. The only place they cannot get a hand is between the small blind and the button. Host
Properties reserve the right to alter the breaking order due to unusual circumstances.

67. Balancing Tables: In 8, 9, and 10-handed Events, play will halt on a table that has 3 or more Participants
less than the table in that Event with the most Participants if those 3 Participants have been eliminated. Play will
halt on other game formats (ex: 6-handed and turbos) at the WSOP Personnel's 's discretion. Not halting play is
not a cause for a misdeal, and WSOP Personnel may elect not to halt play at their discretion. In fields greater
than 20 tables, Participants will be moved from the next numerical table at full capacity to the short table. Once
a Tournament is below 20 tables, Participants will be moved from the next table in the breaking order that is at
full capacity to the short table. Participants moving from a full table to a short table assume the same rights and
responsibilities of the position as outlined in Rule 66. Based off the various game-type procedures below, a
Participant can be moved to balance a table up until the first card dealt for the hand is dealt by the dealer. Once
the first card is dealt, the Participant next to move will remain at the table for that hand and then the below
circumstances will apply.

                                                                  16
         a. In flop Events when balancing tables, the Participant who will be the big blind next will be moved from
              the big blind to the worst position, including taking a single big blind. Worst position is never the small
              blind.

         b. In mixed game Events with any stud variant, Example: HORSE: when the game shifts from the Flop
              Game, Omaha, to the Seven Card Game, Razz, after the last Omaha hand, the button is moved to
              the position that it would be in if the next hand was to be Hold-Em; then frozen during the Seven Card
              games of Razz, Seven Card Stud and Seven Card Stud 8 or Better. When Hold-Em resumes, the
              button for the first hand will be at the position where it was frozen. In Dealer's Choice Events, a
              separate Dealer's Choice button will be used to determine and track the starting position of the
              Participant making the game selection.

                              i. When balancing tables in stud Events or mixed Events with any stud variant, a high
                                  card will be drawn at the table to determine the participant who will move. This process
                                  is followed regardless of whether the current game being played is a stud variant or
                                  not. When balancing a game that uses High Roller registration (i.e. any buy-in of $50K
                                  or Higher) Participants will be high carded from your table and randomly drawn into
                                  the open seats.

         c. When the Tournament reaches 12 tables or when manageable as deemed appropriate by WSOP
              Personnel, the remaining tables will be balanced within one Participant until the final table is reached.
              There will be a re-draw for seat assignments when play reaches three tables, again at two tables,
              and for the final table seat assignments for Events that have 100 or more Participants. For Events
              with less than 100 Participants but more than 50, there will be a re-draw at two tables and again for
              final table seat assignments.

68. Number of Participants at the Final Table (This rule does not apply to heads-up Events):

         a. 9 ­ Handed event ­ combine to Final Table with 10 participants remaining.
         b. 8 - Handed event ­ combine to Final Table with 9 participants remaining.
         c. 7 - Handed event ­ combine to Final Table with 8 participants remaining.
         d. 6 - Handed event ­ combine to Final Table with 7 participants remaining.

69. Declarations: Cards speak to determine the winner. Verbal declarations of hand value are not binding at
showdown. However, deliberately miscalling a hand may be penalized. Any Participant, in the hand or not, should
speak up if he or she thinks a mistake is being made in the reading of hands. However, at Host Properties'
discretion, any Participant deliberately miscalling his or her hand will be subject to penalty in accordance with
Rules 40, 113, and 114.

70. Face up for All-Ins: All cards will be turned face up once a Participant is all in and all betting action for the
hand is complete. If a Participant accidentally folds/mucks their hand before cards are turned up, WSOP
Personnel reserves the right to retrieve the folded/mucked cards if the cards are clearly identifiable.

71. Killing Winning Hand: A dealer cannot kill a winning hand that was tabled and was obviously the winning
hand. A tabled hand is defined as a hand that a Participant places on the table such that the dealer and all
Participants at the table can read. Participants are encouraged to assist in reading tabled hands if it appears that
an error is about to be made.

72. Showdown: During a showdown where no Participants are all-in and if cards are not spontaneously tabled,
the Floor People may enforce an order of show. The last aggressive Participant on the final betting round (final
street where betting is possible) must table first. If there was no bet on the final betting round, then the Participant
who would be first to act in a betting round must table first (i.e. first seat left of the button in flop games, high
hand showing in stud, low hand showing in razz, etc.) Participants not still in possession of their cards at
showdown, or who have mucked face down without tabling their cards; lose any rights or privileges they may

                                                                  17
have to ask to see any hand. The winning hand must be shown to claim the pot unless there are no other live
hands at which point the pot can be awarded to the only live hand remaining. If a Participant refuses to show
their hand and intentionally mucks his or her hand, the Participant in violation will receive a penalty, in accordance
with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

73. Awarding Odd Chips: Odd chips will be broken into the smallest denominations in play. In button games
with 2 or more high or low hands, the odd chip goes to the first seat left of the button. In stud high, razz, and if
there are 2 or more high or low hands in stud/8; the odd chip goes to the high card by suit in the best 5-card
hand displayed for showdown. In H/L split games, the odd chip in the total pot goes to the high side. If identical
hands win both high and low (ex: 2 wheels in Omaha/8) the pot will be split as evenly as possible.

74. Side Pots: Each side pot will be split separately.

75. Playing the Board at Showdown: When playing the board, a Participant must table all hole cards to get part
of the pot.

76. Disputed Pots: The right to dispute a hand ends when a new hand begins. A hand begins with the first riffle
of the deck. When an automatic shuffler is being used, a hand begins with the push of the green button to access
the deck.

77. Chip Race and Scheduled Color Ups:

    a. At scheduled color-ups, odd chips will be raced off, starting in seat 1, with a maximum of one chip
         awarded to a Participant. Participants cannot be raced out of an Event: a Participant losing his remaining
         chip(s) in a race will get 1 chip of the lowest denomination still in play.

    b. Participants must have their chips fully visible and are encouraged to witness the chip race.
    c. If after the race, a Participant still has chips of a removed denomination, they will be exchanged for current

         denominations only at equal value. Chips of removed denominations that do not fully total at least the
         smallest denomination still in play will be removed without compensation.

78. Deck changes will be on the dealer push or limit changes or as prescribed by Host Properties. Participants
may not ask for deck changes unless a card is damaged.

79. New Hand and New Limits: When time has elapsed in a round and a new level is announced, the new level
applies to the next hand. A new hand begins with the first riffle of the deck. If an automatic shuffler is used, the
hand begins when the green button is pushed. If a hand starts at the prior level by mistake, the hand will continue
at the prior level if substantial action has occurred. The new level will then be played on the next hand.

80. Calling-for-clock: Once a reasonable amount of time has passed and a clock is called, Floor People may, in
their sole discretion, give the Participant an additional 0 up to 25 seconds to make a decision. If action has not
been taken when prompted by the Floor Person, there will be a 5-second countdown followed by a declaration
or stopwatch alarm. If a Participant has not acted before the declaration or alarm sounds, the hand will be
dead. Host Properties, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right, at any time, to invoke a clock or
speed up the amount of time allotted for a clock. Host Properties, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves
the right at any time to implement an Event-wide "player shot-clock" into any tournament at any point in that
tournament's structure. The player shot-clock is a device used to assign each Participant a pre-determined
amount of time to make each decision during a hand. As a Participant makes a decision, the dealer will advance
the device to the next Participant who will be given the same pre-determined amount of time for a decision. This
process repeats until the conclusion of the hand. Any Participant intentionally stalling the progress of the game
may be placed on a clock for all decisions moving forward. Participants unnecessarily calling the clock or stalling,
including purposely depleting time banks to ladder up in the payout, may be subject to a reduced clock or incur
a penalty in accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114.

                                                                  18
81. Rabbit Hunting: No rabbit hunting is allowed. Rabbit hunting is revealing any cards "that would have come"
if the hand had not ended.

82. At Your Seat: A Participant must be at his or her seat by the time all Participants have been dealt complete
initial hands to have a live hand. Participants must be at their seats to call the clock as described in Rule 80. "At
your seat" is defined as being within reach or touch of your chair.

83. Action Pending: Participants must remain at the table if they still have action pending on a live hand. If a
Participant leaves the table before they have acted on their hand, a penalty, in accordance with Rules 40, 113,
and 114, will be enforced when the Participant in violation returns to the table.

84. Non-Standard Folds: Any time before the end of the last betting round of a hand, folding in turn when there's
been no bet to you (ex: facing a check or first to act post-flop) or folding out of turn are both binding folds and
may be subject to penalty in accordance with Rules 40 & 113. Once action has begun, a hand may be considered
abandoned and mucked if a Participant is not at his seat.

85. Button: At the start of an Event, the button will begin in the seat with the first chip stack to the dealer's right.
There will be a draw for the button with 3, 2 and 1 table(s) remaining. Tournament play will use a dead button.
Dead Button is defined as a button that cannot be advanced due to elimination of a Participant or the seating of
a new Participant into a position between the small blind and the button.

86. Dodging Blinds: A Participant who intentionally dodges his or her blind(s) when moving from an existing seat
must forfeit both blinds (and BBA if applicable) and will receive a one (1) round penalty, in accordance with Rules
40, 113, and 114.

87. Button in Heads-Up Play: In heads-up play, the small blind is on the button and acts first pre-flop and last on
all other betting rounds. The last card is dealt to the button. When beginning heads-up play, the button may need
to be adjusted to ensure neither Participant has the big blind twice in a row.

88. Misdeals, Fouled Decks, and Substantial Action:

    a. Misdeals include but are not necessarily limited to:
              1. 2 or more boxed cards on the initial deal.
              2. 2 or more extra cards incorrectly dealt during the initial deal.
              3. First card dealt to the wrong seat.
              4. Cards dealt to a seat not entitled to a hand.
              5. A seat entitled to a hand is dealt out.
              6. In stud, if either or both of a Participant's first 2 down cards are exposed by dealer error.
              7. In flop games, if either of the first 2 cards dealt off the deck or any other 2 down cards are exposed
                   by dealer error.
                         i. Participants may be dealt 2 consecutive cards on the button.
                                  1. House standards apply for draw games (ex: lowball).

    b. If a misdeal is declared, the re-deal is an exact re-play: the button does not move, no new Participants
         are seated, and limits stay the same. Cards are dealt to Participants on penalty or who were not at their
         seats for the original deal, and their hands are killed after the re-deal. The original deal and re-deal count
         as one hand for a Participant on penalty, not two.

    c. If substantial action occurs, a misdeal cannot be declared, and the hand must proceed. Substantial Action
         is either:

              1. Any two actions in turn, where at least one of which puts chips in the pot (i.e. any 2 actions except
                   2 checks or 2 folds).

              2. Any combination of three actions in turn (check, bet, raise, call, or fold).

                                                                  19
              3. If it is determined that a card was not properly burned from the top of the deck at the beginning of
                   the round and at least one check has occurred, the actions will stand. The purpose of the burn
                   card is to protect the stub and not preserve card order as randomness applies in this situation.
                              i. If a missing burn card is noticed on the flop and substantial action has not occurred,
                                  the 3 flop cards will be scrambled and 1 card will be randomly chosen by the
                                  tournament floor staff and used as the burn card. The next card off the deck will be
                                  used to complete the 3-card flop.

    d. Fouled decks:

              1. If a card with a different color back appears during a hand, all action is void and all chips in the
                   pot are returned to the respective bettors. If a card with a different color back is discovered in the
                   stub but will not appear in any hand or on the board and substantial action has taken place, all
                   action stands.

              2. If two cards of the same rank and suit are found, all action is void, and all chips in the pot are
                   returned to the Participants who wagered them.

              3. A Participant who knows the deck is defective has an obligation to point this out. If such a
                   Participant instead tries to win a pot by taking aggressive action, the Participant may lose the right
                   to a refund, and the chips may be required to stay in the pot for the next deal.

89. Four-Card Flop: If the flop contains four (rather than three) cards, whether exposed or not, the dealer shall
scramble the four cards face down. WSOP Personnel will be called to randomly select one card to be used as
the next burn card and the remaining three cards will become the flop.

90. Methods of Betting: Verbal and Chips

    a. Bets are by verbal declaration and/or pushing out chips. If a Participant does both, whichever is first
         defines the bet. If simultaneous, a clear and reasonable verbal declaration takes precedence, otherwise
         the chips play. In unclear situations or where verbal and chips are contradictory, WSOP Personnel will
         determine the bet based on the circumstances and Rule 56.

    b. Verbal declarations may be general ("call", "raise"), a specific amount only ("one thousand") or both
("raise, one thousand").

         1. Invalid Bet Declarations
              If a Participant faces no bet and: A) declares "call", it is a check; B) declares "raise", the Participant
              must make at least a minimum bet. A Participant declaring "check" when facing a bet may call or fold,
              but cannot raise.

    c. For all betting rules, declaring a specific amount only is the same as silently pushing out an equal amount.
         Ex: Declaring "two hundred" is the same as silently pushing out 200 in chips.

    d. Verbal Declarations / Action in Turn: Verbal declarations in turn regarding wagers are binding.
         Participants must always act in turn. Action out of turn will be binding if the action to that Participant has
         not changed. A check, call or fold is not considered action changing. If a Participant acts out of turn and
         the action changes, the person who acted out of turn may change their action by calling, raising or folding
         and may have their chips returned. Participants may not intentionally act out of turn to influence play
         before them and may incur a penalty in accordance with Rules 40, 113, and 114. A Participant skipped
         by out of turn action must defend his right to act. If the skipped Participant has not spoken up by the time
         substantial action occurs to his left, the out of turn action is binding. The Floor Person will be called to
         render a decision on how to treat the skipped hand.

    e. Incorrect Bets, Underbets & Underraises

                                                                  20
                   1. In limit and no-limit, opening or raising less than the minimum legal amount is corrected
                        anywhere on the current street (if on the river any time before showdown starts). Ex: NLHE
                        100-200, post-flop A opens for 600 and B raises to 1000 (a 200 underraise). C and D call, E
                        folds then the error is noticed. Increase the bet to 1200 total for all bettors any time before the
                        turn is dealt. After the turn the error stands. For undercalls, see Rule 93.f.2.

                   2. In pot limit, if a Participant underbets the pot based on an inaccurate count, if the pot count is
                       too high (an illegal bet), it will be corrected for all Participants anywhere on the current street;
                       if too low, corrected until substantial action occurs after the bet.

      f. If the dealer prematurely deals a card before betting is complete for that round the below will apply:

                   a. A premature flop: Leave the flop burn card as the burn. Return the premature board cards to
                        the deck stub and reshuffle the entire stub. The flop is re-dealt from the reshuffled stub without
                        another burn card.

                   b. A premature turn card: Leave the turn burn card as the burn for that round. Return the
                        premature turn card to the deck stub and reshuffle the entire stub. The turn is re-dealt from
                        the reshuffled stub without another burn card.

                   c. A premature river card: Leave the river burn card as the burn for that round. Return the
                        premature river card to the deck stub and reshuffle the entire stub. The river is re-dealt from
                        the reshuffled stub without another burn card.

                   d. A premature card in stud: Leave the burn card as is for that round and the premature card is
                        immediately returned to the stub and reshuffled and that street is re-dealt from the newly
                        shuffled stub without another burn.

91. All chips put into the pot in turn stay in the pot. If a Participant has raised and his or her hand is killed before
the raise is called, the Participant may be entitled to the raise back, but will forfeit the amount of the call. Any
chips put into the pot out of turn are governed by Rule 90.

92. When facing a bet, unless raise is declared first, a multiple-chip bet is a call if every chip is needed to make
the call; i.e. removal of just one of the smallest chips leaves less than the call amount. Example: preflop, 200-
400 blinds: A raises to 1200 total (an 800 raise), B puts out two 1000 chips without declaring raise. This is just a
call because removing one 1000 chip leaves less than the amount to call (1200). If the single removal of just one
of the smallest chips leaves the call amount or more, the bet is governed by the 50% standard in Rule 95.

93. It is the Participant's responsibility to make his/her intentions clear. Standard and acceptable forms of calling
include:

    a. Verbally declaring "call".
    b. Pushing out chips equal to a call.
    c. Silently pushing out an oversized chip.
    d. Silently pushing out multiple chips equal to a call under Rule 92.
    e. Silently betting a chip amount that is tiny relative to the bet faced is non-standard, strongly discouraged,

         subject to penalty, and will be interpreted at WSOP Personnel's discretion. This may include being ruled
         a full call. (i.e. NLHE blinds 2k-4k. Participant A bets 50k, Participant B then silently puts out a single 1k
         chip)
    f. Binding Declarations / Undercalls in Turn

         1. General verbal declarations in turn (such as "call" or raise) commit a Participant to the full current
         action.

         2. A Participant undercalls by declaring or pushing out less than the call amount without first declaring
             "call". An undercall is a mandatory full call if made in turn facing 1) any bet heads-up or 2) the opening
             bet on any round multi-way. In other situations, WSOP Personnel's discretion applies. The opening

                                                                  21
             bet is the first chip bet of each betting round (not a check). In blind games the posted BB is the pre-
             flop opener. All-in buttons reduce undercall frequency. This rule governs when Participants must make
             a full call and when, at WSOP Personnel's discretion they may forfeit the amount of the intended
             undercall and fold. For underbets and underraises, see Rule 90.

         3. If two or more undercalls occur in sequence, play backs up to the first undercaller who must correct
             his or her bet per Rule 90-EB. WSOP Personnel will determine how to treat hands of the remaining
             bettors based on the circumstances.

94. As in Rule 93, it is the Participant's responsibility to make his/her intentions clear. Standard and acceptable
forms of raising include:

    a. Placing the full amount in the pot in one continuous motion without going back toward the Participant's
         stack.

    b. Verbally declaring the full amount prior to the initial placement of chips into the pot.

95. If a Participant puts in a raise of 50% or more of the previous bet but less than the minimum raise, he or she
will be required to make a full raise. The raise will be exactly the minimum raise allowed. If a Participant puts in
a raise of less than 50% of the previous bet, he or she will be forced to call instead.

96. In no-limit and pot-limit, all raises must be equal to or greater than the size of the previous bet or raise on
that betting round. An all-in wager of less than a full raise does not reopen the betting to a Participant who has
already acted.

    a. Exception ­ two or more consecutive all-in wagers that exceed the minimum allowable bet or raise. By
         way of example, Participant A - bets 500, Participant B - raises to 1,000, Participant C - calls 1,000,
         Participant D - moves all-in for 1,300, Participant E - moves all-in for 1,700. If Participant A calls or folds,
         then Participants B & C will have an option to raise. The minimum allowable raise will be equal to the last
         complete raise. In this example, the last complete raise was 500; therefore, Participants B or C would be
         allowed to call 1,700 and raise 500 for a total wager of 2,200. Also, Participants B or C could raise more
         than 500. (The half-the-size rule for reopening the betting is for limit poker only.)

97. Oversized Chip Betting: Putting a single oversized chip into the pot will be considered a call if the Participant
doesn't announce a raise. To make a raise with a single oversized chip, a verbal declaration must be made
before the chip hits the table surface. If a Participant says "Raise" as an oversized chip is placed into the pot
(with the word Raise being announced prior to the chip landing on the table surface), but doesn't state the
amount, the raise will be the maximum allowable up to the denomination of that chip. After the flop, an initial bet
of a single oversized chip without comment will signify a bet equal to the size of the chip.

98. Prior Bet Chips Not Pulled In: If a Participant with prior-bet chips not yet pulled in faces a raise and bets
silently, the bet is ruled as follows:

    a. If prior-bet chips don't cover the call:
              1. if the prior chips are not disturbed:
                         i. merely dropping a new overchip onto the prior chip(s) is a call.
                         ii. dropping multiple new chips is a call only if all new chips are needed to call.
              2. If all prior chips are pulled back: an overchip is a call; multiple chips constitute a multi-chip bet.
              3. If some but not all prior chips are pulled back, adding any new chip(s) is a multi-chip bet (see
                   Rule 92).

    b. If all prior-bet chips cover the call:
              1. Adding any new chip(s) is a multi-chip bet (see Rule 92).
              2. If all prior chips are pulled back, an overchip is a bet of the full chip value

    c. In any situation above, the gesture of combining new and prior-bet chips and pushing or tossing them
         forward is a multi-chip bet.

                                                                  22
    d. Example scenario: The level is 25-50, the BB posts two 25's. The button raises to 600 total (550 more
         to the BB)
              1. Prior chips are not disturbed and do not cover the call.
                         i. Merely dropping an overchip is a call (drop a 1k chip onto the two 25's).
                        ii. Adding multiple new chips is a call under Rule 92 if all new chips are needed to call
                                  1. Drop two 500's onto the two 25's
                                  2. Drop a 100 and 500 chip onto the two 25's.
                        iii. Adding multiple new chips is a Rule 92 multi-chip bet if one of the new chips is not
                             needed to call (drop a 1k and 500 chip onto the two 25's is a total bet of 1550). Per Rule
                             92, a silent multi-chip bet is a raise if it hits the 50% raise threshold.
              2. If prior chips do not cover the call and are disturbed:
                         i. Removing all prior chips & adding an overchip is a call (pull back the two 25's, add a 1k
                             chip).
                        ii. Removing all prior chips and adding new multiple chips is governed by Rule 92 (pull
                             back both 25's, add two or more new chips).
                        iii. Partial removal of prior chips (pull back one 25, leave the other 25 out): adding any new
                             chip(s), is governed by Rule 92.

    e. Example scenario: The level is 50-100, BB posts one 1k chip. Pre-flop raise to 700 (600 more to BB).
              1. If prior chip(s) cover the call amount, adding any new chip(s) is governed by Rule 92. The 1k
                   prior chip covers the raise, thus adding any new chip(s) is a Rule 50 bet of all chips.
              2. The gesture of combining prior-bet and new chips and pushing them forward is a bet of all chips
                   under Rule 92. i.e. participant mixes two new 500's with the two prior-bet 25's and pushes or
                   tosses them all forward this is a total bet of 1050.

99. Over-Betting Expecting Change. Betting action should not be used to obtain change. Example: The opening
bet is 325 to A and he silently puts out 525 (one 500 and one 25), expecting 200 change. This is a raise to 650
under rule 92. Putting out more than the intended bet can confuse everyone at the table. All chips pushed out
silently are at risk of being counted as part of the bet.

100. Number of Raises:

    a. There is no cap on the number of raises in no-limit and pot-limit games.
    b. In limit Events there will be a maximum of one bet and four raises, even if there are only two Participants

         remaining in the hand. Once the Tournament becomes heads-up (that is, only two Participants remain in
         the entire Tournament), this rule does not apply. There may be unlimited raises at the heads-up level.

101. Pot Size and Pot Limit Bets: Participants are entitled to be informed of the pot size in pot-limit games only.
Dealers will not count the pot in limit and no-limit games. If requested, dealers may spread the pot so that a
Participant can count it. In games without a shot clock, dealers should announce any change in action i.e. (bet,
raise, all-in). If there is an "all-in," dealers will not count the bet unless requested by the Participant whose turn it
is to act. When a shot clock is in play, dealers should count and announce all bets prior to starting the shot clock.

102. Declaring, "I bet the pot" is not a valid bet in limit or no-limit poker but it does bind a Participant to make at
least the minimum bet. If the Participant is facing a bet and makes this declaration, the Participant will be required
to make at least a minimum raise.

103. String Bets and Raises: Dealers will be responsible for calling string bets/raises. All Participants at the table
are encouraged to assist in calling a string bet/raise if a dealer fails to identify it. A floor person must verify string
bets/raises called by a Participant. A string bet/raise is defined as attempting a bet or raise in multiple movements
that include a return to a Participant's stack without a prior verbal declaration of intent or visual deception
intended to induce action out of turn before a Participant's action is complete.

104. Accepted Action: Poker is a game of alert, continuous observation. It is the caller's responsibility to
determine the correct amount of an opponent's bet before calling, regardless of what is stated by the dealer or

                                                                  23
Participants. If a caller requests a count but receives incorrect information from the dealer or Participants, then
places that amount in the pot, the caller is assumed to accept the full correct action & is subject to the correct
wager or all-in amount.

105. All-In with Chips Found Behind Later: If A bets all-in and a hidden chip is found behind after a Participant
has called, WSOP Personnel will determine if the chip behind is part of accepted action or not. If not part of the
action, A will not be paid off for the chip(s) if he wins. If A loses he is not saved by the chip(s) and the WSOP
Personnel may award the chip(s) to the winning caller.

106. Cards and Chip Stacks Kept Visible, Countable, and Manageable. Discretionary Color-Ups: Participants,
dealers, and staff are entitled to a reasonable estimation of a participant's chip count; therefore, chips should be
kept in countable stacks. Clean stacks in multiples of 20 are recommended as a standard. Participants must
always keep their higher denomination chips visible and identifiable. Floor People will control the number &
denomination of chips in play and may color up at their discretion. Discretionary color ups are to be announced.
Participants with live hands must keep their cards in plain view at all times.

107. Chips in Plain View while in Transit: All chips must be always visible. Participants may not hold or transport
Tournament chips in any manner that takes them out of view or out of the Tournament area. A Participant who
does so will forfeit the chips and face disqualification. The forfeited chips will be taken out of play. It is never
acceptable to conceal chips in any manner, whether in pockets, under clothing or in closed hands, etc. Chips
must remain visible to floor staff, dealers, and other Participants at all times.

         a. Lost and Found Chips
                   Lost and found chips for which ownership cannot be determined will be taken out of play and
                   returned to tournament inventory.

108. Protect Your Hand: Participants must always protect their own hands. A protected hand is defined as a
hand sitting on the table surface with a card cap (see Rule 112) placed on top of the cards. If a dealer or
Participant kills or fouls an unprotected hand, the Participant will have no redress and will not be entitled to his
or her chips back that were wagered in the hand. If the Participant initiated a bet or raise and hasn't been called,
the uncalled bet or raise will be returned to the Participant. Your hand is declared dead if:

               You fold or announce that you are folding when facing a bet or a raise.
               You throw your hand away in a forward motion causing another Participant to act behind you even

                   if not facing a bet. Discarding non-tabled cards face down does not automatically kill them; a
                   Participant may still table the cards if they remain 100% identifiable. Cards are killed by the dealer
                   when pushed into the muck.
               In stud, when facing a bet, you pick your up-cards off the table, turn your up-cards facedown, or
                   mix your up-cards and down-cards together.
               The hand does not contain the proper number of cards for that game, except at stud a hand
                   missing the final card may be ruled live, and at lowball and draw high a hand with too few cards
                   before the draw is live.

                             In button games, the button may receive his or her final card, even if substantial action
                             has occurred, unless he or she acts on the hand prior to receiving the final card. If he or
                             she acts before receiving the final card, the hand is dead.
               You act on a hand with a joker as a hole-card in a game not using a joker. A Participant who acts
                   on a hand without looking at a card assumes the liability of finding an improper card.
               You have the clock on you when facing a bet or raise and exceed the specified time limit.
               Due to the unique game play in Open-Face Chinese, dead hands for that game type are described
                   in the rules governing that game.

109. Cards thrown into the muck may be ruled dead. However, a hand that is clearly identifiable may be retrieved
and ruled live at management's discretion if doing so is in the best interest of the game.

                                                                  24
110. An extra effort will be made to rule a hand retrievable if it was folded because of dealer error or incorrect
information given to/by a Participant.

111. Cards thrown into another Participant's hand are dead, whether they are face-up or facedown. A Participant
throwing hole cards into the hole-cards of a blind may cause a re-deal. The offending Participant will receive a
hand, but it will be dealt dead.

112. Foreign Objects: There will be no foreign objects on the table except for a maximum of one card cap (also
known as a card protector). Card caps can be no larger than two (2) inches in diameter and no more than one-
half (1/2) inch in depth. Participants may not place any food or beverages on the poker table except for one (1)
capped bottle of water.

113. Penalties: In its sole and absolute discretion, Host Properties may impose penalties ranging from a verbal
warning, one missed hand away from the table up to disqualification and expulsion from the Casino. Penalties
will be invoked in cases of soft-play, abuse, or disruptive behavior, and cheating or collusion. A penalty will also
be imposed if a Participant throws a card off the table, forcefully mucks their cards causing one or all cards to
turn over, violates the one-participant-to-a-hand rule or engages in similar behavior. One-participant-to-a-hand
means a Participant may not receive advice from anyone while in a hand and may not provide advice to any
Participant while that Participant is in a hand.

    a. Tournament officials can assess a verbal warning, a missed hand, or one-round, two-round, three-round,
         or four-round penalties and disqualification.

    b. A missed-hand penalty will be assessed as follows: The offender can miss one hand or one to four rounds
         of hands away from the table. The offender's missed hand is counted as part of the round when a penalty
         is given.

    c. Participants who receive a missed-hand penalty must remain outside the designated Event areas for the
         length of their penalty.
              i. The Participant must notify WSOP Personnel prior to returning to their seat. Repeat infractions
              are subject to escalating penalties up to disqualification.

    d. Host Properties will log all penalties issued throughout the duration of the WSOP under Participants
         WSOP LIVE account.

    e. It should be noted that penalties may not always be imposed in successive manner. WSOP Personnel in
         their sole discretion, for example, can disqualify a person for a first offense if action of Participant is
         deemed worthy. Or a Participant, for example, may forego a warning and be assessed a three-round
         penalty. Participants should know any conduct deemed penalty-worthy could result in a wide range of
         discipline for a first offense.

114. Disqualification: A Participant who is disqualified for any reason, including for reasons set forth in Rule 115,
shall have his or her chips removed from play and no refund will be provided to that disqualified Participant. Any
Participant who forfeits play for health or other personal reasons after the start of an Event will have his or her
chips blinded off accordingly.

115. All Participants must comply with all rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, all applicable
federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations and Centers for Disease Control ("CDC") guidelines relating to
COVID-19 in effect at the time of the WSOP Events. Accordingly, Participant acknowledges and agrees to leave
a WSOP Event at any time and exit the WSOP Event facilities immediately if Participant is required to quarantine
or isolate pursuant to any applicable federal, state, and local law, rule, regulations, or CDC guideline relating to
COVID-19 in effect at the time of the WSOP Events. Additionally, Host Properties reserve the right to remove
Participant or any other Participant from any WSOP Event at any time prior to or during the WSOP Event, in its
sole and absolute discretion, for any health or safety related reasons, including but not limited to, if Participant
or any other participant is determined by Host Properties, in their sole discretion, to have COVID-19, have
received a positive test result for COVID-19, exhibit symptoms of COVID-19, have come into close proximity
(within 6 feet for 15 cumulative minutes) of any person who has tested positive for COVID-19, fail to comply with
any applicable CDC guidelines for isolation or quarantine, or if Participant or any other participant refuses to

                                                                  25
undergo any health and safety screening or procedure required by Host Properties to participate or continue
participating in a WSOP Event. If Participant leaves or is removed from a WSOP Event pursuant to this
paragraph, Participant acknowledges and agrees that he/she shall not be entitled to any compensation or
remuneration of any type other than what is expressly provided for in the applicable Official Rules. Further,
Participant acknowledges and agrees that in the situation where Participant or any other participant is disqualified
pursuant to this Paragraph, WSOP and/or Host Properties reserves the right, in their sole and absolute discretion,
to determine whether to proceed with any WSOP Event as scheduled or to postpone or reschedule a WSOP
Event, or any portion of a WSOP Event, to a later date.

116. Table Talk / Disclosure: Participants are obligated to always protect the other Participants in the
Tournament. Therefore, whether in a hand or not, Participants may not:

    a. Disclose contents of live or folded hands.
    b. Advise or criticize play at any time.
    c. Read a hand that hasn't been tabled.
    d. Discuss strategy with an outside source at any time while the tournament clock is running, and

         participants are not on break.
    e. The one-Participant-to-a-hand rule mentioned in Rule 113 will be enforced.

         Special Exceptions:
         1. A Participant is allowed to mention the strength or content of his/her hand if no other Participant in

              the hand will have a decision to make.
         2. In heads-up Events or when down to the last two Participants in a Tournament, Participants may

              speak freely regarding the contents of their hands.
         3. The Floor Person reserves the right use his/her judgment to determine if one Participant intentionally

              helped another Participant. Participants who violate this rule are subject to penalty in accordance with
              Rules 40, 113, and 114. Non-Participants who violate this rule will be asked to leave the tournament
              room.

117. Exposing Cards and Proper Folding: A Participant exposing his or her cards with action pending will incur
a penalty but will not have a dead hand. The penalty will begin at the end of the hand. All Participants at the table
are entitled to see the exposed card(s). When folding, cards should be pushed forward low to the table, not
deliberately exposed or tossed high ("helicoptered").

118. Ethical Play: Poker is an individual game. Soft play will result in penalties that may include forfeiture of chips
and/or disqualification. Chip dumping and other forms of collusion will result in disqualification.

119. Etiquette Violations: Repeated etiquette violations will result in the imposition of penalties assessed by
WSOP Personnel. Examples include, but are not limited to, unnecessarily touching other Participants' cards or
chips, body, or clothing, delay of the game, repeatedly acting out of turn, betting out of reach of the dealer, or
excessive chatter. Excessive chatter includes, but is not limited to, talking or conversation that causes a
disruption of Participants who are in a hand.

SECTION VII - TOURNAMENT OPERATIONS POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

120. Dinner breaks for Events are listed on their respective structure sheet.

121. The duration of Play for day one of all Events is noted on each Event's structure sheet.

122. Play on Day 2 and beyond may be suspended prior to the end of scheduled play and will resume the
following day even if noted otherwise in the structure sheet for the Event.

123. If an Event has not reached a winner and is heads up after the completion of play on its final scheduled
day, play may be extended to complete the Event.

                                                                  26
124. WSOP Personnel may modify the schedule of play for any Event for any reason.

125. End of Day: Prior to the end of each day's play (WSOP Personnel will determine between 7-13 minutes
left in last level of play) for any Event, a random card will be drawn to determine how many additional hands will
be played. Playing Cards with ranks 3 through 7 for 9-handed events (2 through 5 for all other events) will be
used, scrambled face-down, and a random Participant will be asked to pick a card. The card drawn will determine
the number of hands played at each table to conclude play for the day. If the tournament has already re-drawn
to three or less tables as described in Rule 67c, the clock will not be stopped, and play will continue until the ten
minutes has expired.

         a. Once the final number of hands to play has been drawn, any late-registrations will not be allowed
                   to join the Event until play has concluded for the day.

         b. Once the final number of hands to play has been drawn, this number of hands will be played at
                   each table remaining.
                   1. If at any time during these final hands, the number of Participants meets the re-draw
                   requirements of Rule 67c, the re-draw will be postponed until all final hands have been completed
                   at all tables.
                   2. In the event that one or more tables becomes unbalanced due to Participants busting from the
                   Event, WSOP Personnel will not balance tables as described in Rule 67c and play will continue
                   at the short-handed tables until all final hands have been completed at all tables.

126. Hand for Hand:

           a. Upon nearing the "Money" (the first level of the prize pool payout), a "Hand-for-Hand" method of
                determining Participant placement within the prize pool and the actual amount of prize pool
                disbursement within that Event will be utilized. This will begin by completing the current hand in
                progress at all tables with the clock being paused after the first table has completed its current hand.
                Once hands are complete at all tables, the dealer at each table will deal one hand only, then ­ once
                the hand is complete ­ suspend play. This process will continue until enough Participants have been
                eliminated to reach the money.

           b. During the Hand-for-Hand process, more than one Participant may be eliminated during the same
                hand. If two or more Participants are eliminated during the same hand at different tables, those
                Participants will "tie" for that place finish. If two or more Participants are eliminated during the same
                hand at the same table, the Participant(s) who began the hand with the highest chip count will
                receive the higher place finish.

           c. After Hand-for-Hand begins each hand will run 2 minutes off the clock, regardless of how long the
                hand actually takes. The 2-minute run-off starts with the current hand at time of announcement.
                Example: 17:30:00 remains in the current level when "finish the current hand..." is announced. At
                the end of the current hand the clock is set to 17:28:00. At the end of the next hand it is set to
                17:26:00 and so on Payoff eligibility starts at the announcement: "finish the current hand you're on
                then hold up, we are going hand for hand". If enough Participants bust on the current hand to break
                into the money, the busting Participants will be eligible for a share of the place(s) paid on the current
                hand.

           d. So that Participants can most clearly know the timing of level changes, whenever possible the clock
                should be reduced by 2-minutes after each hand not after "batches" of multiple hands.

           e. Blinds will continue to increase as new levels are reached.

           f. Participants are encouraged but not required to remain seated during Hand-for-Hand play.

                                                                  27
           g. In the event of an all-in and call during Hand-for-Hand, the cards of all Participants in the hand
                should remain face down. Dealers should not deal additional cards until instructed.

127. Participant Disputes: All Participant disputes with Host Properties shall be resolved in accordance with
Nevada law NRS 463.362 Resolution of Disputes.

    a. Whenever a patron and a [gaming] licensee, or any person acting on behalf of or in conjunction with a
         [gaming] licensee, have any dispute which cannot be resolved to the satisfaction of the patron, and which
         involves:

              1. Alleged winnings, alleged losses or the award or distribution of cash, prizes, benefits, tickets or
                   any other item or items in a game, tournament, contest, drawing, promotion or similar activity or
                   Event.

              2. The manner in which a game, tournament, contest, drawing, promotion or similar activity or Event
                   is conducted, the [gaming] licensee is responsible for notifying the [Nevada Gaming Control]
                   Board or patron in accordance with the provisions of subsection 2, regardless of whether the
                   [gaming] licensee is directly or indirectly involved in the dispute.

    b. Whenever a dispute described in subsection 1 involves:

              1. At least $500, the [gaming] licensee shall immediately notify the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board.
              2. Less than $500, the [gaming] licensee shall notify the patron of the patron's right to request that

                   the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board investigate.

    c. Upon being notified of a dispute, the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board, through an agent, shall conduct
         whatever investigation it deems necessary and shall determine whether payment should be made. The
         agent of the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board shall mail written notice to the [Nevada Gaming Control]
         Board, the [gaming] licensee and the patron of the agent's decision resolving the dispute within 45 days
         after the date the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board first receives notification from the [gaming] licensee or
         a request to investigate from the patron. The failure of the agent to mail notice of the agent's decision
         within the time required by this subsection does not divest the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board of its
         exclusive jurisdiction over the dispute.

    d. Failure of the [gaming] licensee to notify the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board or patron as provided in
         subsection 2 is grounds for disciplinary action pursuant to NRS 463.310 to 463.3145, inclusive.

    e. The decision of the agent of the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board is effective on the date the aggrieved
         party receives notice of the decision. Notice of the decision shall be deemed sufficient if it is mailed to
         the last known address of the [gaming] licensee and patron. The date of mailing may be proven by a
         certificate signed by an officer or employee of the [Nevada Gaming Control] Board, which specifies the
         time the notice, was mailed. The notice shall be deemed to have been received by the [gaming] licensee
         or the patron 5 days after it is deposited with the United States Postal Service with the postage thereon
         prepaid.

128. Host Properties and its affiliates respect the right of Participants to the full and equal enjoyment of the
goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, and accommodations of the WSOP Tournament without
discrimination or segregation on the grounds of gender identity or expression.

129. If a tournament situation arises that is not covered in the Official World Series of Poker Tournament
Rules, WSOP Personnel will reference the Official World Series of Poker Live-Action and House rules. If the
situation is not covered by either rule set, WSOP Personnel will follow Rule 51.

SECTION VIII ­ TOURNAMENT BETTING FORMATS

                                                                  28
   LIMIT
         a. Restricts Participants to betting and raising to a set amount on each betting round according to the
              structure for the Event.
         b. All limit Events are played with a bet and a maximum of four raises unless heads-up at the final table.

   NO - LIMIT
        a. The maximum amount a Participant can bet or raise is only limited by the amount of chips they have
             in their possession.
        b. The minimum bet is equal to the amount of the Big Blind.
        c. The Dealer WILL NOT tell a Participant the total amount of the pot at any time. The dealer may spread
             the pot for viewing by the Participant with action pending, upon request.

   POT LIMIT
        a. The maximum amount a Participant can bet or raise is limited to the amount of the pot.
        b. The minimum bet is equal to the amount of the Big Blind.
        c. The Dealer MUST tell a Participant the total of the pot when asked by the Participant facing action.
                  o When a dealer is asked for the amount of the pot, the dealer will answer with the amount of
                       the current "pot-sized" bet.
        d. If a Participant "over-bets" the pot, the Dealer MUST announce the correct bet amount immediately.
             An accurate pot total should be always maintained. Should the pot be over-bet with significant action
             following, the over-bet will not be corrected. In Tournaments, all bets are counted at their "true" value,
             including the Small Blind when determining the amount of the pot.

SECTION IX ­ TOURNAMENT GAME FORMATS

   FLOP GAMES
         a. Played with 2-10 Participants.
         b. The Dealer will always deal the first card to the Participant directly following (clockwise) the Dealer
              button (Small Blind position).
         c. The Dealer should announce the number Participants remaining active in the hand while dealing the
              flop, turn and river.

         1. TEXAS HOLD'EM
         In Texas Hold'Em, each Participant receives two down cards as their personal hand, or hole cards, after
         which there is a round of betting. After action is complete, the dealer burns a card and three board cards,
         the "flop", are then placed simultaneously and another round of betting occurs. Another card is burnt and
         the next card, the "turn", is placed out on the board followed by a betting round. Another card is burnt
         and the final card, "the river", is placed out on the board followed by the final betting round. The board
         cards are community cards, and a Participant may use any five-card combination from among the board
         and personal cards to make the best possible five-card poker hand. A Participant may use all of the board
         cards and no personal cards to form a hand playing the board. A dealer button is used. The usual
         structure is to use two blinds, but it is possible to play the game with one blind, multiple blinds, an ante,
         or combination of blinds plus an ante.

         2. SHORT DECK
         The object of Short Deck is to make a better five-card poker hand, using any combination of hole cards
         and community cards, than your opponents to win the pot.
         A maximum of nine (9) Participants may be dealt in for Hold'em variants.
         A maximum of six (6) Participants may be dealt in for PLO variants.
         The deck consists of thirty-six (36) cards. The Twos, Threes, Fours and Fives are removed. An Ace is
         still both the highest and lowest card in rank. Therefore, the holding of 9-8-7-6-A is a Straight.

         The rank of hands is as follows:

                                                                  29
                                              Royal Flush
                                             Straight Flush
                                            Four of a Kind

                                                  Flush
                                               Full House

                                                 Straight
                                            Three of a Kind

                                                Two Pair
                                                One Pair
                                               High Card

The play of the game is as follows:
   · A Dealer Button is used to represent the Participant in the Dealer position; the Dealer Button
        rotates clockwise after each hand, changing the position of the Dealer and blinds.
   · The button must always advance to the next active seat at the table and cannot advance to an
        empty seat. Each Participant is required to post an ante which is half the size of the button ante.
        For example, in a $200-$400 NLH game, each Participant posts $200 and the button posts $400.
        Action always starts in the position to the left of the button.
   · The Dealer deals each Participant their own two (2) cards face-down in Hold'em variants and four
        (4) cards in PLO variants.
   · The first betting round takes place.
            The minimum pre-flop raise is double the button ante.
                     · Participants must complete to $400 to call and raise to $800 if min-raising in this
                         example.
   · The Dealer burns a card, then turns over three (3) community cards face-up (the flop).
   · The second betting round takes place.
            The minimum bet on this round and all subsequent rounds is the normal ante.
                     · The minimum post-flop bet is $200 in this example.
   · The Dealer burns another card, and then turns over one (1) more community card (the turn or
        fourth street).
   · The third betting round takes place.
   · The Dealer burns another card, then turns over one (1) final community card (the river or fifth
        street).
   · The last betting round takes place.
   · The showdown then takes place with all Participants who still have cards showing their hands and
        the best high hand is awarded the pot by the Dealer.

3. OMAHA
In Omaha, each Participant receives four down cards as their personal hand, hole cards, after which
there is a round of betting. After action is complete, the dealer burns a card and three board cards, the
"flop", are then placed simultaneously and another round of betting occurs. Another card is burnt and
the next card, the "turn", is placed out on the board followed by a betting round. Another card is burnt
and the final card, "the river", is placed out on the board followed by the final betting round. The five board
cards are community cards. A Participant may only use three boards cards combined with any two of

                                                         30
      the Participant's four hole cards to make the best possible five-card poker hand. A dealer button is used
      along with a small blind and big blind.

      4. OMAHA HI/LOW 8 or BETTER
      Omaha can be played as a high-low split pot game. The Participant must use any combination of two
      hole cards and three board cards for the high hand and either a different or the same combination of two
      hole cards and three board cards for the low hand. All the rules of Omaha apply to Omaha high-low split.
      This game is played with a split-pot format. Half of the pot is awarded to the Participant or Participants
      with the highest 5-card poker hand. The other half of the pot is awarded to the Participant or Participants
      holding the lowest 5-card poker hand. A qualifier of 8-or-better for the low hand is used. This means to
      win the low half of the pot, a Participant's hand at the showdown must have five cards of different ranks
      that are an eight or lower in rank. An ace can be played as either high or low. Straights and flushes do
      not count against a low hand, so the best possible low hand is 5-4-3-2-A, also known as a WHEEL. The
      best high poker hand wins the entire pot if there is no qualifying hand for low.

      5. OMAHA " BIG O" HI/LOW 8 or BETTER (5 Card Omaha)
      All the rules of Omaha High-Low apply to Omaha "The Big O" with the following change: all Participants
      are dealt 5 cards in their initial starting hand. Game is played with 7 Participants so Final Table can be
      seated with 8 Participants

SEVEN CARD GAMES
      Played with a maximum of 8 Participants.

      In a seven-card game, each Participant first receives two down cards followed by one up card to start the
      hand. After each Participant receives their three initial cards, there is the first round of betting. There are
      then three more up-cards and a final down card, with a betting round after each, for a total of five betting
      rounds on a deal played to the showdown. In all fixed-limit games, the smaller bet is wagered for the first
      two betting rounds, third and fourth street, and the larger bet is wagered for the last three betting rounds,
      on the fifth, sixth, and seventh street. Deliberately changing the order of your up-cards in a stud game is
      improper because it unfairly misleads the other Participants; a Participant deliberately changing the order
      of the up-cards may have a dead hand. If a Participant receives each of the first three cards down, the
      floor supervisor will scramble the 3 cards and randomly select one of the cards to turn over as the
      Participant's up card.

      When the wrong person is designated as the bring-in and bets, if the next Participant has not yet acted;
      the action will be corrected to the correct bring-in position, who has the option to either post the bring-in
      or complete to the full bet according to the structure. The incorrect bring-in takes back the wager. If the
      next hand has acted after the incorrect low card action, the wager stands, action continues from there,
      and the real low card has no obligations.

      Increasing the amount wagered by the forced bring-in, up to a full bet does not count as a raise but merely
      as a completion of the bet. For example: Bring-in 100, complete to 400; four raises are then allowed.

      If you are not present at the table when third street has been delivered to the final Participant position,
      you forfeit your ante and bring-in, if any.

      The down cards will be killed; the up card, third street; will be killed when action reaches your position.
      Fourth street will not be delivered to an absent Participant position.

      All new pairs are announced; possible straights or flushes are not announced.

      1. SEVEN CARD STUD
      The first round of betting starts with a forced bet, the bring-in, indicated by the lowest card by rank and
      suit. The Participant with the forced bet has the option of opening with the bring-in or the full bet as

                                                               31
      designated in the structure. On subsequent betting rounds, the high hand on board initiates the action,
      a tie is broken by high card by suit. If the Participant with the low card is all-in for the ante, the person to
      that Participant's left acts first. If the Participant with the low card is all-in for a portion of the bring-in, the
      bet is made; all other Participants must enter for at least the bring-in amount or the full bet as designated
      in the structure. When an open pair is showing on Fourth Street, the second up card, a Participant does
      not have the option of betting either the lower or the upper limit.

      2. SEVEN CARD STUD HI/LOW 8 or BETTER
      Seven-card stud/8 is a stud game which is played both high and low. A qualifier of 8-or-better for the low
      hand is required. This means to win the low half of the pot, a Participant's hand at showdown must have
      five cards of different ranks that are an eight or lower in rank. An ace is the highest card and also the
      lowest card. If there is no qualifying hand for low, the best high hand wins the whole pot. A Participant
      may use any five cards to make the best high hand, and the same or any other grouping of five cards to
      make the best low hand. On Fourth Street, a Participant showing an open pair does not have an option
      of opening with an upper limit bet.

      The low card by suit initiates the action on the first round, with an ace counting as a high card for this
      purpose. On subsequent rounds, the high hand initiates the action. If the high hand is tied, the first
      Participant in the tie clockwise from the dealer acts first. If the high hand is all-in, action proceeds
      clockwise as if that person had checked. Straights and flushes do not affect the value of a low hand.

      When there is an odd chip in a pot, the chip goes to the high hand. If two Participants split any portion of
      the pot by tying for either the high or the low, that portion of the pot shall be split as evenly as possible to
      the lowest denomination chip in play. The Participant with the highest card by suit receives the odd chip.
      When making this determination, only the five cards used by the Participant at showdown are considered.
      All other rules for seven-card stud apply to Seven-Card Stud/8 if not mentioned above.

      3. SEVEN CARD STUD HI/LOW REGULAR
      All rules of Seven Card Stud/8 apply except there is no qualifier for low and the high card by suit initiates
      the action on the first round with the king of spades being the highest card by rank and suit. Also on
      subsequent betting rounds, the low hand initiates the action. Ex: The low hand may be: 10, 8, 6,
      3, A.

      4. SEVEN CARD RAZZ
      The lowest-ranking hand wins the pot. Aces are low only, and two aces are the lowest pair. The format
      is similar to seven-card stud high, except that the high card, with the king of spades being the highest
      card by rank and suit, is required to make the forced bet on the first round. The low hand acts first on all
      subsequent rounds. Straights and flushes have no ranking, so the best possible hand is 5-4-3-2-A, known
      as a wheel. The lowest hand wins the pot. Aces are low, and straights and flushes have no effect on the
      low value of a hand. The best possible hand is 5-4-3-2-A. The low hand acts first on all subsequent
      rounds. If the low hand is tied, the first Participant clockwise from the dealer starts the action. On Fourth
      Street, a Participant showing an open pair does not have an option of opening with an upper limit bet.
      All other rules for seven-card stud apply to Seven-Card Razz if not mentioned above.

DRAW GAMES

      Lowball is draw poker with the lowest hand winning the pot. Each Participant is dealt five cards facedown,
      after which there is a betting round. Exception: Badugi, each Participant is dealt 4 cards facedown. The
      structure may call for an ante and/or to open with a raise. Tournament play begins with a small and big
      blind. The Participants who remain in the pot after the first betting round now have an option to improve
      their hand by replacing cards in their hands with new ones; this is the draw. There are two basic formats,
      Limit and No-Limit.

                                                               32
      Limit games are generally triple draw; the basic rules for limit poker apply.
      In Triple draw, the Participants will have a betting round with the initial hand, after the first draw, after the
      second draw, and again after the third draw, with four betting rounds total. The most popular forms of
      limit triple draw lowball are ace-to-five lowball (also known as California lowball) and deuce-to-seven
      lowball (also known as Kansas City lowball). Ace-to-five lowball gets its name because the best hand is
      5-4-3-2-A; Aces are low and a straight or flush may qualify as a winning hand. Deuce-to-seven lowball
      gets its name because the best hand is 7-5-4-3-2, not suited; Aces are high only and straights or flushes
      are ranked as straights or flushes but are not fouled hands. Other forms of limit triple draw lowball are
      Badugi, Badeucey and Badacey.

      No-Limit draw games are generally played with a single draw and the basic rules for No-Limit apply.
      In Single draw, the Participants will have a betting round with the initial hand and a second betting round
      after the first draw; two betting rounds total. The most popular forms of No-Limit single draw lowball are
      Deuce to Seven No-Limit, 5 Card Draw High No-Limit.

      In the event of a re-shuffle, meaning the dealer has gotten down to the last card of the deck while
      Participants still need cards, the discards from the current draw will not be included. The last card will
      be reshuffled with the muck and the discards from all previous draws. This means that the dealer will not
      use the discards from the round in progress. If the dealer can complete the draws for that round by using
      the last card in the stub, the dealer will use this card but only if the last card will complete all draws for
      the round.

      ALL exposed cards, while dealing the initial hand, will be replaced. The second exposed card on the
      initial deal will constitute a misdeal.

      Participants cannot change the number of cards to be replaced once their discards have been placed,
      in turn, on the table, but they may exchange any of their discards for a different card in their hand at
      any time prior to cards being dealt for that round.

      The dealer should not burn and begin to deal the next round of cards until all Participants have, in turn,
      placed their discards forward or stood pat (Participant does not draw any cards). After "ALL"
      Participants have discarded, the dealer will announce the number of cards each Participant is drawing
      prior to the delivery of the next round of cards. This announcement prevents future changes of the
      discards.

      If all Participants stand pat, one card is still burned to designate the round.

      If a Participant wishes to draw an entirely new hand, the Participant will receive all five cards
consecutively.

LIMIT TRIPLE DRAW GAMES

    1. ACE TO FIVE OR DEUCE TO SEVEN
         · Played with six Participants maximum
         · Lowball games will be played with a particular qualifier
         · A ­ 5: Lowest possible hand is 5-4-3-2-A. Aces are Low.
         · A straight or flush may qualify as a winning hand
         · 2 ­ 7: Lowest possible hand is 7-5-4-3-2. Aces are High only.
         · Straights and flushes are ranked as straights or flushes but are not fouled hands.

    2. BADUGI
         · Played with eight Participants maximum
         · 4-Card Triple Draw ­ Lowest 4-card unsuited hand wins.
         · Best Hand: "A ­ 2 ­ 3 ­ 4" all four suits represented.
                                                               33
             · Four cards dealt down to each Participant on the initial round; starting with the Participant in the
                  Small Blind position.

             · At Showdown, if no Participant shows a perfect 4 card Badugi, the winner is determined by the
                  lowest 3-Card Badugi hand.

        3. LOWBALL HYBRIDS
             · Played with six Participants maximum
             BADACEY
             · The pot is split between the best Badugi hand and the best Ace-to-Five hand.
             · Check-raising with a perfect hand is permitted.
             · Best hand is A, 2, 3, 4 of different suits (A four card Badugi) with a 5 of any suit.
             · All draw Lowball rules mentioned in the previous sections apply to these games that are not
                  mentioned above.
             BADEUCEY
             · The pot is split between the best Badugi hand (excluding the Ace) and the best Deuce-to-Seven
                  hand.
             · Check-raising with a perfect hand is permitted.
             · Best hand is 2, 3, 4, 5 of different suits with a 7 of any suit. (The "Ace" is always a HIGH CARD)
             · All draw Lowball rules mentioned in the previous sections apply to these games that are not
                  mentioned above.

NO-LIMIT SINGLE DRAW GAMES
    · Played with seven Participants max
    1. DEUCE to SEVEN NO-LIMIT SINGLE DRAW
             · 2 ­ 7: Lowest possible hand is 7-5-4-3-2. Aces are High only.
             · Straights and flushes are ranked as straights or flushes but are not fouled hands.
    2. 5 CARD NO-LIMIT SINGLE DRAW HIGH ONLY
             · Highest five-card poker hand wins. This is not a lowball game but is governed by all other draw
                  game rules.

                                                                  34
             GLOSSARY OF POKER TERMS

 TERM                                                            DEFINITION
ACTION
             The Participant position which follows a check, bet, raise, or fold from the active Participant
             position to the right

ACTION OUT   Subject to a penalty and is binding to the Out of Turn Participant if the action to that Participant
  OF TURN    has not changed. A check, call or fold does not change the action. If action changes, the
             Out of Turn bet is not binding and is returned to the Out of Turn Participant who then has all
             options available including making a call, raise or fold. An Out of Turn "FOLD" is binding; the
             dealer should immediately muck the hand. If the Out of Turn action is passive and occurs
             during a betting round that began heads-up and was not accidentally prompted by the dealer,
             the Out of Turn Participant will be limited to a passive action (fold, check, call) when action is
             on the Out of Turn Participant.

ALL-IN       A Participant position which has invested all its remaining chips in the outcome of a hand. In
             a structured Event, an All-In wager cannot be more than the call of a bet and a full raise, if a
             raise is an option. In a No-Limit Event, an All-In wager may be for all the remaining chips
             which a Participant has on the table. In a Pot-Limit Event, an All-In wager may not be for
             more than the current pot plus the previous wagers on the table in the round. A Participant
             can only win that portion of the pot to which he/she has contributed plus other Participants
             who have called. An All-In for some amount greater that a previous bet but for less than a full
             raise is not to be interpreted as a raise. Should greater wagers be made by other Participants
             in the hand; side pots will be established.

ANTE         A forced bet to initiate tournament play; generally introduced after level 3 or 4 in the structure.

BET          A Participant's wager made in turn when facing action. In Tournaments, a Participant's wager
             will consist of the chip denominations in play according to the structure of the Event.

BET (FIXED   To bet a designated amount based on the structure of the game being played.
   LIMIT)

BET (NO      To bet an amount the minimum of which is the big blind up to the total amount of the chips in
 LIMIT)      the Participant's possession

BET (POT     To bet an amount the minimum of which is the big blind up to the total amount currently in
  LIMIT)     the pot.

BET (FORCED) A mandatory bet for the purpose of starting action such as Small or Big Blinds.

BET (OUT OF  A Participant's wager made prior to the active Participants to his right completing action. A
    TURN)    bet "out of turn" may be binding pending the completion of action from those Participants who
             have been skipped over.

BETTING      A complete cycle from the time the first Participant facing action to the last Participant to
 ROUND       complete the call. A " BETTING ROUND " may complete one or more times around the table
             based on subsequent action, raises, all-ins, etc.

             35
  TERM                                                          DEFINITION
BLIND(S)
            A designated bet by game structure placed before the first card is dealt. The blind(s) is a live
            bet which can win the pot if not called or raised. A game may be designated as either a single
            blind or double blind. With a double blind, the first will be designated as the "Small Blind" and
            the second as the "Big Blind". The Small Blind is generally one half of the value of the Big
            Blind. Refer to the Tournament Structure.

BOXED CARD  A card found "face up" in the deck after shuffle. A boxed card is to be treated as a blank
            piece of paper, shown to all Participants then placed into the muck.

BRING-IN    The forced bet in a seven-card game such as Stud, Stud Hi/Low 8 or Better, Stud Hi/Low
            Regular or Razz to initiate action based on either the high or low card by suit.

  BURN or   A burn card is the card(s) removed from the top of the deck by the dealer. The purpose of the
BURN CARD   burn card is to protect the top of the deck from exposure to the Participants. It is never to be
            exposed at any time including after completion of the hand. There will be a burn card prior
            to every betting round. The burn cards will be dropped discretely to the felt, then pushed
            under a chip in the pot for protection and separation from the other cards that form the muck.
            The burn card is to protect the stub, not "preserve card order". If significant action occurs and
            a hand is killed due to the wrong number of cards, all cards of the killed hand are mucked
            and randomness applies to further dealing. The stub is treated as a normal stub and one and
            only one card is burned off the stub for each subsequent street.

BUTTON      An object or disc used to identify a particular action or function including, but not limited to,
            designating a seat or Participant status at the table. Each button will be distinct and marked
            to denote its purpose. Ex: Dealer Button, Absent Participant Button, Missed Small or Big
            Blind Button

BUY-IN      The purchase of chips or participant's checks for a tournament. At the time of the Buy-in, a
            table number and seat will be assigned. A buy-in may consist of cash, casino chips, or any
            approved method of payment stated in rule 4.

CAGE        A secure area with access to the gaming floor from which participants, chip runners, etc.,
            complete a purchase. The purchase may be Participant's checks, tournament entries or a
            cash-out of Participant's checks for money, etc.

CALL        A call is the placement of a bet equal to a previous Participant's action. In games where there
            are blinds, the first Participant to act after the initial deal will call by placing an amount equal
            to the big blind with forward motion towards the pot on the table surface. A Participant will be
            bound to a call if they verbally announce their intentions to do so.

CAP         In a limit game, an initial bet and the maximum amount of raises in accordance with the rules
            of the tournament.

CARDS       Any hand that has been placed "face-up" on the surface of the table by the Participant will be
SPEAK       read by the dealer or announced by any other Participant at the table. The Participant does
            not have to correctly identify the hand to win the pot if fully exposed, face-up on the surface
            of the table. Cards which are held in the Participants hand even though exposed to another
            Participant should not be read by another Participant.

CHECK       A Participant's option of not initiating a bet but retaining all rights to call or raise if faced with
            a future action. A check can only be an option without either the presence of a blind or
            another Participants' action.

            36
  TERM                                                         DEFINITION

   CHIP    A procedure used during the closing of a tournament at the end of a day. A Participant will be
BAGGING    provided a Tournament Re-Draw Slip with a new table and seat number selected at random.
           A self-sealing plastic bag will be provided to the Participants to contain and protect his/her
           chips until the re-start. The Participant will write his/her name and chip count on the outside
           of the bag before placing chips inside. The dealer will assist the Participants in the process
           of chip bagging assuring that a copy of the re-draw slip is placed in the bag before the bag is
           sealed.

COLLUSION  The act(s) of a group of Participants attempting to influence the outcome of a live action game
           or WSOP Event.

COLOR-UP   The process of removing smaller denomination chips for chips of larger denomination in a
           tournament

COMMUNITY Cards dealt face-up in a flop type game which can be used by all Participants to complete

CARDS      their best hand.

                        Stud, Stud Hi/Low 8 or Better, Stud Hi/Low Regular or Razz: To complete to a full bet
COMPLETION following the forced bring-in by either the high or low card by suit. The completion of the

                        bring-in is not a raise; four raises remain.

CUT        To divide the deck into two face-down stacks and then reunite them by placing the bottom
           stack on top of the former top stack without changing the order of the cards within each stack.
           The cut should be approximately one half (50%) of the deck.

CUT CARD   A plastic card of solid color to be placed under the bottom of the deck before being picked up
           into the dealer's hand. Often called a "BOTTOM CARD"; used to protect and conceal the
           bottom of the deck.

  DEAD     A Dealer Button placed in front of an empty seat to adjust the movement of the blinds, so that
BUTTON     each Participant pays the small and big blinds correctly.

DEAD HAND  A hand that has no claim to the pot; a new Participant to the game, a Participant who has
           moved seats in excess of the number allowed by the poker room procedures, or a new
           Participant to the table.

DEAL       The process of distribution of playing cards to each Participant position.

DEALER     A poker room employee who distributes the cards to the Participant positions, controls the
           action of the game and handles all pot duties; but, does not receive a hand or have a financial
           stake in the game.

DEALER'S   A game that consists of several games in rotation to be determined by the Participants.. The
 CHOICE    series of games will be determined by the structure of the Event or live action game
           supervisors. A group of plaques will be placed on the table with a plaque for each game as
           per above. As the Dealer Button moves around the table, the Participant position will make a
           game selection from the group of plaques. The chosen game will be played for a pre-
           determined number of hands from one hand up to a maximum of the number of Participants
           in the game as determined by the structure.

                             37
  TERM                                                            DEFINITION

DEALER        A button placed to indicate the designated Participant who will receive the last cards in each
BUTTON        round of play. At the start of a new game each Participant will receive a card; the highest card
              by rank and suit to determine the initial position of the Dealer Button. In tournament play, the
              Dealer Button will begin in the first live seat to the right of the Dealer. The Dealer Button will
              move clockwise around the table by one Participant position after each hand.

DEALT-OUT A button placed by the dealer in front of a Participant's position denoting that the Participant

BUTTON        is to be "DEALT-OUT" of the current hand.

DEFECTIVE     A deck that is damaged in some fashion, contains too many cards for the game in progress,
    DECK      duplicate cards, a joker, more than two boxed cards, cards of different back designs or colors,
              cards in-play which have become marked or broken, or whose rank or suit can be determined
              due to a manufacturing imperfection. Defective Decks must be replaced to maintain the
              security and integrity of the game. Should the dealer determine a defective deck; the floor
              should be called to initiate replacement.

DRAW          The process of replacing cards in a game such as No-Limit Single Draw or Limit Triple Draw.

DOWN CARD     A card that is dealt face down without exposure to the Participants. A down card may also
              be the card signed by each dealer as they rotate through the tournament table.

EVENT RULES A predetermined set of terms and procedures approved for an Event

FLOP          The first three community cards dealt face down, then turned face up simultaneously with a
              single motion.

FOLD          To surrender a hand or refuse to call a bet when facing action.

FOREIGN CHIP  Any chip with a logo other than the logo for the Bally's Las Vegas Hotel and Casino, Paris
              Las Vegas Hotel and Casino or World Series of Poker. Any Foreign Chips will be removed
              from Event play along with the Participant who introduced the Foreign Chips into play. The
              Participant will be removed and banned from future Events without a return of tournament
              entry fees.

HAND          The time between the first card being dealt to the determination of a winner and the pushing
              of the pot; one game in a series of games; one deal; the cards held by a Participant; cards
              retained by a Participant entitling participation in the action; or the combination of cards
              necessary to win a pot.

HEADS-UP      Only two Participants remaining in action in a given betting round. A tournament designed to
              be played as a series of two Participant Events; the winner of each moves to a higher bracket
              ultimately culminating into a final table of the two remaining Participants.

HOLE CARDS A Participant's concealed or down cards.

HOUSE         The casino operator or poker room.

LAMMER        A button used to designate the number of hands dealt or hands remaining in a tournament
              such as HORSE. May be several buttons of varying amounts to indicate the total amount of
              exchange.

LIMITS        The range or structure of betting in a game.

              38
     TERM                                                         DEFINITION

LIMIT (FIXED  A game played where the minimum bet is the big blind or subsequent raises of the big blind;
    LIMIT)    four raises of the constitutes a cap for the round.

LIMIT (NO-    A game played where the minimum bet is the big blind; the maximum bet is for all of the
   LIMIT)     Participant's chips.

LIMIT (POT- A game played where the minimum bet is the big blind; the maximum bet is the amount of

LIMIT)        the current pot.

MISDEAL       A hand dealt incorrectly or the action of dealing a hand incorrectly. Misdeals include but are
              not limited to: (1) two or more boxed cards found during the initial deal; (2) first card dealt is
              dealt to the wrong seat; (3) cards are dealt to a seat not entitled to a hand; and (4) a seat
              entitled to a hand is skipped and dealt out. Please refer to the various forms of MISDEALS
              in the tournament or live action rules.

MUCK          The discard pile of cards surrendered or taken out of play.

OPEN          The first betting action as determined by the blinds or rank and suit of cards for the game.

OPENER        The Participant to which the first action is directed.

OVERSIZE      A wager made with a single chip that is in excess of the previous action.
    CHIP

PAT           In a game such as No-Limit Single Draw or Limit Triple Draw, the Participant's decision to
              take "NO" cards in any specific drawing round. In Limit Triple Draw, this decision may be
              changed in any subsequent drawing round remaining.

POT           The sum of the ante, blinds, bets and subsequent action.

POT (MAIN     The first pot created in a hand of poker.
    POT)

POT (SIDE     The pot(s) created after one or more Participants have declared to be "All-In." Side pots are
   POT)       awarded separately or split as the winning hands are determined; never combined with the
              main pot.

RACK          A tray in front of the dealer installed into the table to store chips, cards, dealer down card
              and/or other items which may be used in the operation of a poker tournament.

RAISE         A bet within the table limits that is an implicit call plus an amount in excess of the previous
              action by at least as large an amount; except in the case of an ALL-IN. A Participant will be
              held to raise if, in turn, they announce their intention to do so.

RAKE          The commission due to the casino or poker room for hosting the game.

ROUND OF      A completion of one time around the table, not necessarily being from seat 1 through seat
    PLAY      10. EX: HORSE. Any given game would begin in seat 1, ending in seat 8. A HORSE Event
              is sat with eight Participants. In a Dealer's Choice Event, a round of play may begin in seat
              3, ending in seat 2.

                                39
    TERM                                                         DEFINITION
SCRAMBLE
             A dealer will spread the deck, face down, and mix the cards in a random procedure. The
             cards will then be collected and shuffled according to standard procedures.

SHOWDOWN Determining the winner of the pot after the completion of all betting action.

SUBSTANTIAL Either (a) the combination of any three actions in turn or (b) any two actions in turn, at least

ACTION       one of which involves putting chips into the pot.

SUIT         A group of similarly colored and like-symbol cards. EX: Spades, Hearts, Clubs or Diamonds

TABLED HAND  A Participant's hand is placed face-up on the table, visible to the dealer and other Participants
             at the table.

             40
                                                                  EXHIBIT A
                                                     Player of the Year Qualification
                                                2026 WSOP PLAYER OF THE YEAR
2026 Player of the Year ("P.O.Y.") will include all open live Bracelet Events from the 2026 WSOP Europe in
Prague, the 2026 WSOP at Paris Las Vegas and Horseshoe Las Vegas and the 2026 WSOP Paradise in the
Bahamas.
Only the Participant's top 15 scores will count toward the leaderboard.
Participants eliminated in the same round (e.g., fifth through eighth place in a heads-up event, or all
Participants eliminated on Day 2 of a shootout) will receive the same number of points. The points awarded for
those positions will be the average of what those places would earn in a standard Event.
Some Events (e.g., The Closer) allow Participants to cash multiple times. However, each Participant will only
earn P.O.Y. points once per Event, based on their final overall finishing position.
Non-open Events and online Bracelet Events do not count toward P.O.Y. standings. This includes events such
as Industry Employees, Seniors, Super Seniors, Tag Team, and Ladies. This list is not exhaustive, and
additional Events may be excluded.

                                                              www.WSOP.com

                                                                  41
