             Championship Event $550 Direct Qualifier Satellite
                          July 24 ­ September 25, 2026

                      Tournament Conditions

These Tournament Conditions relate to the WPT Australia 2026 Championship Event $550 Direct Qualifier Satellite Poker
Tournament (the "Tournaments"). A Tournament will be hosted in the poker room on the main gaming floor at The Star Sydney
(the "Tournament Location") July 24 ­ September 25, 2026, commencing at the times in the table below (the "Tournament
Period"), and concluding when a winner for the tournament is declared. Additional Satellites may be conducted during the
tournament period based on player demand and if approved by the Tournament Supervisor.

Winning Main Event satellite winners from July 24 ­ September 9, 2026, will be required to play the Championship Event Day
1a September 24 (12.30 PM). Players winning more than 1 Championship Event Seat will have the additional entries entered
in Day 1b and then Day 1c. Winning Main Event Satellite winners from September 10 ­ 25 may select the Championship Event
flight they wish to play. Any changes must be approved by the Star Sydney Poker Strategy Manager or designated Manager.

DATE    DAY  TIME     EVENT FLIGHT           DATE                DAY    TIME
Jul 24                                                                12.30pm
Jul 25  Fri  5.30 pm
Jul 31
Aug 1   Sat  7.30 pm
Aug 7
Aug 8   Fri  6.30 pm
Aug 14
Aug 15  Sat  2.30 pm
Aug 21
Aug 22  Fri  6.30 pm
Aug 28
Aug 29  Sat  2.30 pm
Sep 2
Sep 4   Fri  6.30 pm
Sep 5
Sep 7   Sat  4.30 pm
Sep 8
Sep 9   Fri  6.30 pm  Championship September 24                  Thu

        Sat  4.30 pm  Event Day 1a

        Fri  6.30 pm

        Sat  4.30 pm

        Wed  6.30 pm

        Fri  6.30 pm

        Sat  4.30 pm

        Mon  6.30 pm

        Tue  6.30 pm

        Wed  6.30 pm

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
DATE    DAY  TIME     EVENT FLIGHT  DATE  DAY                          TIME
Sep 12
Sep 13  Sat  9.30 pm
Sep 14
Sep 15  Sun  6.30 pm
Sep 16
Sep 18  Mon  6.30 pm
Sep 19
Sep 20  Tue  6.30 pm
Sep 21
Sep 22  Wed  6.30 pm
Sep 23
Sep 24  Fri  6.30 pm
Sep 24
Sep 25  Sat  6.30 pm                Player has choice of Day 1 flight

        Sun  8.30 pm

        Mon  8.30 pm

        Tue  6.30 pm

        Wed  8.30 pm

        Thu  6.30 pm

        Thu  8.30 pm

        Fri  7.30 pm

     - The format of game to be conducted throughout each Tournament is Texas Hold'em (No Limit) in accordance with the
          Rules of the Game.

     - The tournament will play with blind levels and breaks scheduled as per the Blind Structure, and playing down until a winner
          is declared.

     - The licensed person appointed by the Promoter with responsibility for overall control of the Tournament ("Tournament
          Supervisor") may alter the starting time of any Tournament Session if reasonable notice (at least 20 minutes) has been
          given to Eligible Entrants.

     - Players are required to post the Small Blind, Big Blind and Big Blind Ante as per the Blind Structure. The "Small Blind" is a
          mandatory wager that the first player to the left of the dealer button places for a round of play with the "Big Blind" being
          a mandatory wager placed by the second player to the left of the dealer button for a round of play. The "Big Blind Ante"
          is a single Ante posted by the player in the Big Blind position and in the amount of the Big Blind. The Big Blind will be
          posted before the Big Blind Ante and the Big Blind Ante will be maintained for the duration of the tournament.

     - A maximum of 10 players will be seated on each table ("Maximum Players").
     - The number of players seated at each table may move to 9 once play permits.
     - Action Clocks will be introduced at the start of play and will remain in play until the completion of the tournament

          with Players having 20 seconds to act.
     - Each player will be issued with 25,000 in non-value Tournament chips ("Starting Stack")
     - Each blind level will be in increments of 20 minutes for the duration of the Tournament and blinds will increase each level

          as per the Blind Structure.
     - The cost of participating in a Tournament is $550 ("Buy-in"), comprising of $500 for the Prize Pool and an entry fee of

          $50 ("Fee") payable to The Star Pty Limited ABN 25 060 510 410 of 80 Pyrmont Street, Pyrmont NSW 2009 (the
          "Promoter" or "The Star Sydney").
     - To participate in a Tournament, Eligible Entrants must register by completing their entry for the tournament by having
          their details entered into the Promoter's Poker Management System (GES) at the designated registration desk/table in
          the Tournament Location ("Registration Desk") before the start of level 7 or before that Tournament Day (but within the
          Tournament Period) including paying the Buy-in and the Fee at the Registration Desk.
     - Unlimited re-entry permitted until the start of level 7 ("Close of Registration").
     - The Tournament will conclude when a winner is declared.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
     - The final table will consist of up to 9 players.
     - Seating positions for the final table will be determined by draw.
     - To claim a prize, a prize winner must present themselves to the Tournament Supervisor at the Poker Desk on the Main

          Gaming Floor (the "Prize Claim Location") with their Valid ID and their Star Club Card. Valid ID means:
           a passport, Australian driver's licence, or other form of photographic identification in which the photograph is clear and

                 undamaged and that is otherwise acceptable to The Star Sydney; or
           two forms of non-photographic identification that are valid and acceptable to The Star Sydney.
     - The Star Sydney reserves the right to waive or vary the identification requirements in circumstances where the identity of
          the prize winner is determinable without the assistance of a Card or Valid ID.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
           CHAMPIONSHIP EVENT $550 DIRECT QUALIFIER SATELIITE

                                  July 24 ­ September 25, 2026

                          Buy-in $550 ($500 Prize Pool + $50 Entry fee)
                                        Starting Stack: 25,000

                Late Registration: Unlimited re-entry until the Start of Level 7

                        BLIND STRUCTURE

LEVEL      DAY  DURATION  SMALL BLIND    BIG BLIND                                BB ANTE
  LEVEL 1                                    100                                     100
  LEVEL 2  1    20 MIN    100                200                                     200
  LEVEL 3                                    300                                     300
  LEVEL 4  1    20 MIN    100                400                                     400
  LEVEL 5                                    600                                     600
  LEVEL 6  1    20 MIN    200                800                                     800
  BREAK
  LEVEL 7  1    20 MIN    200              1,000                                   1,000
  LEVEL 8                                  1,200                                   1,200
  LEVEL 9  1    20 MIN    300              1,500                                   1,500
 LEVEL 10                                  2,000                                   2,000
 LEVEL 11  1    20 MIN    400              3,000                                   3,000
 LEVEL 12                                  4,000                                   4,000
  BREAK    1    15 MIN
 LEVEL 13                                  6,000                                   6,000
 LEVEL 14  1    20 MIN    500              8,000                                   8,000
 LEVEL 15                                  10,000                                  10,000
 LEVEL 16  1    20 MIN    600              12,000                                  12,000
 LEVEL 17                                  15,000                                  15,000
 LEVEL 18  1    20 MIN    1,000            20,000                                  20,000
  BREAK
 LEVEL 19  1    20 MIN    1,000            25,000                                  25,000
 LEVEL 20                                  30,000                                  30,000
 LEVEL 21  1    20 MIN    1,500            40,000                                  40,000
 LEVEL 22                                  50,000                                  50,000
 LEVEL 23  1    20 MIN    2,000            60,000                                  60,000
 LEVEL 24                                  80,000                                  80,000
           1    15 MIN

           1    20 MIN    3,000

           1    20 MIN    4,000

           1    20 MIN    5,000

           1    20 MIN    6,000

           1    20 MIN    10,000

           1    20 MIN    10,000

           1    30 MIN

           1    20 MIN    15,000

           1    20 MIN    15,000

           1    20 MIN    20,000

           1    20 MIN    25,000

           1    20 MIN    30,000

           1    20 MIN    40,000

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
1. ELIGIBILITY FOR ENTRY
     1.1 Participation in a Tournament is limited to persons who are for the duration of the relevant Tournament Day:
          1.1.1 an existing member of The Star Club with a valid membership card ("Card") or an existing "Player Card" holder;
           1.1.2 18 years of age or over;
           1.1.3 not excluded (including an exclusion direction, an exclusion order or a self-exclusion order) from a casino or
                      premises operated by The Star Entertainment Group Limited (ABN 85 149 629 023) or its related entities
                      (collectively, "The Star Group");
           1.1.4 not the subject of a Withdrawal of License (WOL) from a casino or premises operated by The Star Group;
           1.1.5 entitled to enter the casino at The Star Sydney and gamble;
           1.1.6 not otherwise prohibited from entering under clause 1.2 below,
           ("Eligible Entrants").
     1.2 A person is not permitted to enter a Tournament or win a prize if at any point during the relevant Tournament Day that
          person is:
           1.2.1 a director, officer, or manager of any of The Star Group entities or of an organisation benefitting from the
                      Tournament;
           1.2.2 an employee or contractor of any of The Star Group entities;
           1.2.3 an immediate family member of any person listed in clause 1.2.1;
           1.2.4 an immediate family member of any employee or contractor listed in clause 1.2.2 where that employee or
                      contractor is responsible for, or involved in, the setup, determination of any winner or issuing of any prize for
                      the Tournament.
     1.3 For the purposes of clause 1.2, `immediate family member' means a spouse (including de-facto partner), parent, natural
          or adopted child or step-child, or sibling or step-sibling (whether the sibling or step-sibling is natural or adopted by a
          parent).
     1.4 A person who does not satisfy any of the criteria for an "Eligible Entrant" for the duration of the relevant Tournament
          Day is an "Invalid Entrant" and their entry will be deemed invalid ("Invalid Entry").
     1.5 An entrant who is a member of The Star Club and requests to cancel their membership prior to, or during, a Tournament
          Day will also be an Invalid Entrant, in respect of that Tournament Day.
     1.6 Invalid Entrants are not, or will no longer be, eligible to enter or participate in the relevant Tournament and will forfeit
          any entitlement to a prize. Any Invalid Entrant who has made a Buy-in or paid a Fee is not entitled to a refund of that Buy-
          in or Fee, unless approved by the Tournament Supervisor.
     1.7 The Promoter may, in its reasonable discretion taking into account these Tournament Conditions, deem an entry to be an
          Invalid Entry and disqualify such an entry, including the following:
          1.7.1 an entry from an Invalid Entrant;
          1.7.2 an entry that is fraudulent or forged; and
          1.7.3 an entry (or an entrant) that otherwise does not comply with these Tournament Conditions.

2. ENTRY AND BUY-IN
2.1 Players registering prior to the commencement of the relevant Tournament Day will have their Starting Stack put in play and all

     blinds will be posted from their stack as required by the Blind Structure. Players registering after the commencement of the
     Tournament Day and players who re-enter up to the Close of Registration will be sold full Starting Stacks. Once all available
     seats have been allocated to players, every player who enters the Tournament within the registration period for a particular
     Tournament Day will be considered an "Alternate".
2.2 Any player that is considered an Alternate will be seated with a full Starting Stack when their seat becomes available. An
     Alternate can request a refund once the registration period has closed and they have not been seated.
2.3 Prior to the Close of Registration, should a player have equal to or less than their Starting Stack they will be given the option of
     forfeiting these chips and therefore being able to buy back into the Tournament. If the player chooses this option, their chips

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
     will be removed from play immediately. If the player chooses not to use this option, they will continue play with those chips
     remaining.
2.4 A player will be entitled to a refund of the Buy-in if the player cancels their entry not less than twenty-four (24) hours prior to the
     beginning of the relevant Tournament Day, if the Tournament Day does not proceed, or at the discretion of the Tournament
     Supervisor.
2.5 All entries are non-transferable to other Tournaments or to other Eligible Entrants.
2.6 Eligible Entrants can only register and enter once for each Tournament, unless these Tournament Conditions specifically permit
     re-entry.
2.7 The Promoter may refuse any application to enter a Tournament, including if an entry or entrant does not comply with these
     Tournament Conditions or the Rules of the Game.

3. TOURNAMENT STRUCTURE & ALLOCATION OF WAGERING AREAS
3.1 Allocation of wagering/seat positions will be done by The Star Sydney by a manual or electronic system after payment has

     been made. Seating assignments may be altered by The Star Sydney to ensure that entrants who are known by the
     Tournament Supervisor to be connected by family or association play at different tables or are separated on the final table.
3.2 The number of players allocated to each table will be determined by the Tournament Supervisor according to these
     Tournament Conditions and is dependent upon the number of participants in the Tournament.
3.3 During a Tournament Session, at least one table will be active. The number of tables in play will be determined by the number
     of participants with a maximum of 1,000 entrants per Tournament.
3.4 All players must provide their name for recording purposes to the Tournament Supervisor upon request.
3.5 Entrants are responsible for verifying their registration data and seat assignments are correct prior to a Tournament Session
     commencing.
3.6 If a player (Player A) accidentally starts a Tournament Session at the wrong table/seat with the correct chip stack, then Player
     A must remain at that table/seat for that Tournament Session. The player whose seat has been taken (Player B) will be seated
     at Player A's seat for that Tournament Session. I.e. the players will have switched seats. Player A will be given a 1 round
     Penalty (see clause 11.4) from the next hand after the error is discovered.
3.7 A player seated on a new table assumes all responsibilities of their position on the table and shall be dealt in immediately.
     The only variation to this shall be if a new player to a table takes up a position between the Small Blind and the dealer button,
     in which case they must wait until the dealer button has passed before they are dealt in.
3.8 If a registered Eligible Entrant is not present at the table during any of levels 1 to 4 on a Tournament Day, then that Eligible
     Entrant shall have their Starting Stack placed in their seat position and blinds and antes will be posted from their table stake
     as required by the Blind Structure. If a player has not taken their position by the completion of level 4 of the Blind Structure,
     the Tournament Supervisor may declare that the player is "Provisionally Eliminated" and the remainder of that player's stake
     will be removed from play. If the player arrives later in the day, at the Tournament Supervisor's discretion the player may be
     allowed to participate in play but a calculation will be made to determine the number and value of blinds and antes that
     would have been taken from their stake and their stake (less those amounts) will then be returned to play.
3.9 If an active player is not present at the table at the start of a round of play, if that player is required to place a blind bet
     and/or ante bet, appropriate blind bets and/or ante bets will be placed from their table stake.
3.10 If an active player is not present at the table to act on their hand the Tournament Supervisor:

        3.10.1 shall direct the dealer to deal cards to the absent player's position as though they are present. Should the player
                     still not be present at the completion of the initial deal the hand shall be deemed folded, and/or

        3.10.2 may declare the tournament player's position cancelled and the player disqualified. Once disqualified a player
                     will not be entitled to a refund of the Buy-in or Fee, except on the approval of the Tournament Supervisor and
                     will not be entitled to retain the value of any Tournament chips in their possession at the time of
                     disqualification.

3.11 Each table in a Tournament will have the Maximum Players where possible, subject to change at the discretion of the
     Tournament Supervisor. Each player may only play on their assigned table.

3.12 Tables will be balanced to maximize the number of players per table and to distribute approximately even numbers of players
     on each table as player and table numbers reduce.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
3.13 To maintain even player distribution across tables, the Tournament Supervisor will select a player from a table with more
     players to move to a table with fewer players. The chosen player will be the player in the Big Blind position or the one due to
     be in the Big Blind position in the next hand, if a hand is currently in progress. The vacant seat at the receiving table will be
     filled starting with the Big Blind position, or if unavailable, the next closest position to the left. The receiving table will also be
     selected by the Tournament Supervisor.

3.14 Where a player is re-seated, they will assume all rights and responsibilities of their new position at the table. A player moving
     to a new table is eligible to be dealt a hand in any position and will post blinds when and as required except if they are seated
     in between the dealer button and the Small Blind.

3.15 As players are eliminated (lose all their chips) from a Tournament, the Tournament Supervisor will break tables from play and
     move players as described above to increase the number of players at other tables.

3.16 Tables will be broken in the order determined by the Tournament Supervisor, with those players being assigned to empty
     seats at other tables as needed to ensure reasonable balancing.

3.17 At the discretion of the Tournament Supervisor, hand-for-hand play may be implemented when multiple tables remain and
     the field is approaching the money or the formation of the final table. During hand-for-hand play, all tables must complete
     each hand before the next hand begins. A standard time limit of two (2) minutes per hand will be applied. If the time limit
     expires, the Tournament Supervisor will pause the tournament clock until all tables have completed the hand, after which
     play will resume with the next deal.

3.18 All cards will be turned face-up (table cards) without delay once a player is all-in and all betting action by all other players in
     the hand at that table is complete.

3.19 To claim a pot, players must turn (table cards) all their cards face up on the table, allowing the dealer and players to read the
     cards clearly. All cards means both hole cards in Texas Hold'em.

3.20 During hand for hand play, where there has been an all-in and a call and there is no further action for that hand on that table,
     those cards will remain face down until action is completed on the remaining tables.

3.21 Verbal affirmations as to the content of a player's hand are not binding.
3.22 A player who exposes their hand during a round of play will not have their hand folded but may incur a Penalty as

     determined by The Star Sydney.
3.23 The Tournament Supervisor may, acting reasonably, alter or amend these Tournament Conditions, including the prize pool,

     on reasonable notice to registered Players and in accordance with the Rules of the Game.

4. TOURNAMENT CHIPS
4.1 The order of wagering will be in accordance with Rules of the Game.
4.2 Any player removing Tournament chips from the table other than as permitted by these Tournament Conditions will be

     disqualified from the relevant Tournament and excluded from any further poker tournaments at The Star.
4.3 A player shall not lend or borrow Tournament chips at any time.
4.4 Each player is required to display in clear view of other players and table supervisors, all Tournament chips held at any one time

     and those chips must be stacked in denomination. The dealer or supervisor may direct that a player's chips be arranged such that
     the total value of those chips may be determined. Concealing, pocketing or otherwise hiding chips during Tournament play will
     result in immediate and irrevocable disqualification. No disqualified player shall be entitled to a refund of any Buy-in or Fee and
     they will not be entitled to retain the value of any Tournament chips in their possession at the time of disqualification.
4.5 From time to time, the Tournament Supervisor will substitute higher denomination Tournament chips for a player's Tournament
     chips of lower denominations determined by The Star Sydney. To the extent that the player's lower denomination chips fail to
     evenly amount to the value of a new higher denomination chip (respectively, "Odd Chips", "New Chip"), a "Chip Race" will
     proceed as follows:

               4.5.1 The total value of all Odd Chips on the table is tallied.
               4.5.2 As many New Chips as together wholly equate to the value of the Odd Chip tally are set aside for play and as

                         many of the Odd Chips as equate to the value of those New Chips are removed from play.
               4.5.3 If the value of the remaining Odd Chips (if any) equates to less than 50% of the value of a single New Chip, those

                         Odd Chips are removed from play and no further New Chips are set aside for play. If the value of the remaining
                         Odd Chips equates to 50% or more of the value of a single New Chip, a single New Chip is set aside for play and
                         those remaining Odd Chips are removed from play (e.g. totals of $150 and $175 of $25 denomination Tournament
                         chips would equal 2 x $100 New Chips for the Chip Race).

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
               4.5.4 A "Race-off" is conducted to award the New Chips to players who possessed Odd Chips. Starting at the first
                         seating position to the left of the dealer, the dealer will deal cards to players on the relevant table face-up. Each
                         player will be dealt a number of cards corresponding to the number of Odd Chips they possess.

               4.5.5 The player with the highest card value receives a New Chip and in sequence each player with the next highest
                         card value receives a New Chip until there are no further New Chips in the Race-off. If 2 or more players have the
                         same value card and there is one New Chip left an additional card will be dealt to each of these players (and this
                         process will continue as many times as necessary until one player receives a higher value card than the other
                         player/s).

               4.5.6 Each player may receive a maximum of one New Chip in any given Chip Race.
               4.5.7 If, following a Race-off, a player has no chips of any denomination, that player will receive a single chip of the

                         lowest denomination in play.
               4.5.8 If after a Race-off is completed, a player still has chips of a removed denomination, they will be exchanged for

                         current denominations only at equal value. Chips of removed denominations that do not fully total at least the
                         smallest denomination in play will be removed without compensation.
4.6 At the conclusion of each Tournament, each player must return all Tournament chips in their possession to a representative of
     the Promoter which shall be counted by the Promoter's staff to determine that their total number and value is equal to the
     number and value of Tournament chips issued to be used for that Tournament.

5. WAGERS
5.1 All wagers must be made with Tournament chips.
5.2 Blind levels will increment with each level in accordance with the Blind Structure. The Tournament Supervisor may amend the

     blind structure at their discretion, providing all players are advised prior to the commencement of the next level in which the
     blinds are to be increased and no wagers have been placed or cards dealt prior to such announcement. Any increase to the
     blinds will follow the order as set in the Blind Structure, though may not necessarily progress to the maximum.
5.3 There is no maximum limit to the size or number of raises permitted in each round of play. The minimum raise must not be
     lower than the Big Blind and must not be less than any previous bet or raise in the betting round, except where a player goes
     all-in.
5.4 If a player lacks sufficient chips for a blind, the player is still entitled to go all-in with their remaining table stake. Where a Big Blind
     Ante is in play, the Big Blind will be posted before the Ante.
5.5 It is each player's responsibility to determine the correct amount of an opponent's bet before calling, regardless of what is
     stated by the dealer or other players. If a player requests a count for the amount to call but receives incorrect information
     from the dealer or other players, then places that amount in the pot, the player is assumed to accept the full correct action
     and is subject to the correct bet or all-in amount and will be obligated to meet any shortfall.

6. TIME RESTRICTION
     6.1. The Action Clock will be introduced into play at the start of the tournament.
     6.2. The Action Clock will be controlled by the dealer.
     6.3. The dealer will start the Action Clock following the completion of each deal once the last card has been dealt.
     6.4. When entrants act in turn, the Action Clock will be reset, with each entrant receiving a fresh 20 seconds to begin his or her
            action.
     6.5. When a bet or raise has been made, the dealer will first count the bet or raise size, announce the amount, and then start
            the clock for the next action. If an entrant calls the bet, the dealer will reset the clock to begin the next entrant's action.
     6.6. The dealer will advise entrants when the Action Clock reaches 5 seconds remaining.
     6.7. If an entrant's Action Clock expires, the entrant will be (a) forced to check if there is no bet pending or (b) fold if facing a
            bet or a raise.
     6.8. The Action Clock will only be paused if there is an extreme situation that calls for play to be halted.

7. PRIZES
7.1 The number of prizes will be determined by the number of Buy-ins including re-entries with a WPT Australia 2026

     Championship Event entry valued at $5,000 awarded for every $5,000 in the prize pool. Any remaining monies will be
     awarded as a single prize to the next placegetter in accordance with section 7.2. Any seats won in a satellite are transferrable

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
     to other players at the player's responsibility. The Operator reserves the right to guarantee a set number of seats for any of
     the satellites with any shortfall in the prize pool to be covered by the operator.
7.2 To support the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing activities, The Star Sydney will honour all monetary
     prizes by cash to the winner, by electronic funds transfer to the winner or by a combination of these payment options (at the
     winner's election and in compliance with NSW ICM 11.7). The Star Sydney will not permit prizes to be transferred or
     redeemed or exchanged for cash.
7.3 Players may unanimously decide to share or chop the prize money once the stage of a Tournament is reached where all
     remaining players have qualified for a prize payout as per the Pay Table below (a "Chop"). To implement a Chop, all remaining
     players must agree in writing on the amount each player will receive of the remaining prize pool amount. If all remaining
     players do not agree to a Chop, the Tournament will continue without a Chop on that Tournament Day.
7.4 Where two or more all-in players who would have been eligible for a place in a Tournament are eliminated in the same round
     of play:
      7.4.1 If the players are eliminated from different tables, the placing/placings shall be equally shared among those players.
      7.4.2 If the players are on the same table, then the order of placings will be determined by the table stake with the

                 player/players with the largest table stake prior to the start of the hand being declared the higher placegetter. If relevant
                 players had the same value table stake at the start of the hand then a draw of cards will determine the order of placings.
                 Commencing with the player on the immediate left of the designated player and in a clockwise direction, the dealer will
                 deal one card face down to each player. Players will turn their cards face up and the player holding the highest card will
                 be declared the winner. If two or more players hold an equal value card, further card(s) will be dealt to those players
                 until a winner is decided. Aces will be counted as high.
7.5 In the event of an Invalid Entry, if the Invalid Entrant would have won a prize the placings of prize winners will be adjusted to
     account for the exclusion of the Invalid Entry and any forfeited or returned prize will be re-awarded in accordance with these
     Tournament Conditions.

8. IMAGE, LIKENESS AND RELEASE
By entering a Tournament, each player acknowledges and agrees to the following and the Promoter, its related entities and any of
their contractors or partners may rely on the following at any time:
8.1 the Promoter and its representatives may take still and/or moving images of players, and may use, edit and broadcast such

     images and likeness, and the player's name, for reasonable promotional purposes of the Promoter, its related entities and any
     of their contractors or partners, without any further consent, payment or compensation;
8.2 the results including placings and prize pool winnings may be shared with poker media and poker database websites that
     collate tournament results;
8.3 the player will comply at all times with the Promoter's reasonable directions, including removing or covering up any clothing
     that, in the opinion of the Promoter, in any way promotes or refers to an interactive gambling service, including any online
     casino or online poker operator.

9. PLAYER CONDUCT DURING A ROUND OF PLAY
     9.1. Players seated at a table at which a round of play has not concluded must not:
          9.1.1. talk on a phone/device at the table;
          9.1.2. permit a phone or device to play ring tones, music, or videos which are disturbing to other players;
          9.1.3. use betting apps or charts or other devices, tools, photography, videography or communication to create a
                  nuisance, delay the game or create a competitive advantage for any player;
          9.1.4. obtain or seek the advice or assistance of other players, bystanders or the Promoter when making decisions about
                  their play (i.e. "one player to a hand");
          9.1.5. place non Tournament chips on the table, other than placing a maximum of one clearly marked non Tournament chip
                  on the table for use as a card protector;
          9.1.6. alter, supplement or tamper with the whole or part of any chips on any table, except pursuant to an authorised re-
                  entry;
          9.1.7. disclose or reveal a folded hand;
          9.1.8. miscall a hand;

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
          9.1.9. weaken or forfeit their own prospects in a round of play in order to benefit themselves or any other player (i.e. "chip
                  dumping");

          9.1.10. refrain from competing against any other player for the purpose of benefiting any player (i.e. "soft play");
          9.1.11. advise, criticise or otherwise comment on play;
          9.1.12. leave their seat when they are required to act;
          9.1.13. fail to provide a compulsory ante, blind or minimum bet;
          9.1.14. attempt to increase table stakes other than as expressly permitted in these Tournament Conditions and the

                  Rules of the Game; or
          9.1.15. deliberately hide or conceal Tournament chips.

10. PLAYER CONDUCT AT ALL TIMES DURING A TOURNAMENT
     10.1. At all times during a Tournament, a player must not carry or otherwise remove any Tournament chips from a table
            unless:
          10.1.1. the player is following the Promoter's express instructions to take a seating position at a different table; or
          10.1.2. the Tournament Supervisor (i.e. not merely any representative of the Promoter) expressly authorises the player
                  to do so for the purpose of balancing and breaking the Tournament tables.
     10.2. Under the above circumstances a chip tray (rack) must be used to transfer the Tournament chips.
     10.3. All Tournament chips are and remain the property of the Promoter.
     10.4. At all times during a Tournament, players must not:
          10.4.1. offer unsolicited advice to any player or players participating in a round;
          10.4.2. ask the dealer to reveal the cards that would have come if a player had decided to play their hand (i.e. "rabbit
                  hunt");
          10.4.3. behave unlawfully;
          10.4.4. abuse other players or the Promoter or otherwise behave disruptively, anti-socially or in such a manner as to
                  bring any player, the Promoter or any Tournament into disrepute;
          10.4.5. engage in collusive activity relating to the Tournament;
          10.4.6. speak any language other than English during a round of play;
          10.4.7. display anything, including advertising material or a thing forming part of their apparel, that the Promoter
                  reasonably regards as offensive or otherwise inappropriate;
          10.4.8. without limiting clauses 8.3 or 10.4.7, display any logo pursuant to a sponsorship arrangement that has not been
                  notified to and approved by the Promoter; or
          10.4.9. avoid paying a blind when moving from a broken table.

11. INVESTIGATIONS AND PENALTIES
     11.1. The Promoter may undertake any lawful act to investigate whether these Tournament Conditions, the Rules of the Game
            or any law has been contravened by any player or bystander in relation to a Tournament. For the avoidance of doubt,
            the Promoter may count a player's chips or read any unexposed cards.
     11.2. It is a condition of a player's ongoing entitlement (if any) to participate in any Tournament that the player complies with
            any obligations contained in these Tournament Conditions. Subject to the express provisions of these Tournament
            Conditions and the Rules of the Game and without limiting the Promoter's other rights or remedies, the Promoter may
            respond to the player's failure to comply with these Tournament Conditions by imposing a range of penalties
            ("Penalties") on the player, including penalties that have effect retrospectively.
     11.3. The Penalties that the Promoter may impose pursuant to clause 11.2 include immediate disqualification from any one or
            more Tournaments, which includes the forfeiture of all Tournament chips, Buy-ins, Fees and prizes (or entitlements to
            them).
     11.4. The Promoter may also impose Penalties from the following range of Penalties. The penalised player's blinds, antes and
            forced bets will be forfeited for:
          11.4.1. one round;
          11.4.2. 2 rounds;

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
          11.4.3. 3 rounds;
          11.4.4. 4 rounds; or
          11.4.5. 10 minutes.
          In the case of clauses 11.4.1 to 11.4.4, the forfeiture remains in effect until the dealer button returns to the same position it
          was in when the Penalty was imposed after the applicable number of rounds has passed.
     11.5. To the extent that circumstances arise for which these Tournament Conditions or the Rules of the Game make no
           provision or in relation to which the relevant provisions of these Tournament Conditions or the Rules of the Game are
           unclear, the Promoter acting reasonably may:
          11.5.1. make a decision regarding those circumstances which is not inconsistent with these Tournament Conditions or

                  the Rules of the Game; and/or
          11.5.2. postpone any Tournament or any Tournament Session to a time and place which will allow the Tournament or

                  the Tournament Session to be conducted in accordance with all Tournament Conditions other than those
                  Tournament Conditions which specify the time and place of the Tournament or Tournament Session.
     11.6. In the event of any dispute relating to these Tournament Conditions or the Rules of the Game, the decision of the
            Tournament Supervisor will be final and the game will not proceed until the dispute is settled. If a player is not satisfied
            with a decision of the Promoter relating to the conduct of gaming, the player may lodge a complaint with an inspector
            under section 33 of the Gaming and Liquor Administration Act 2007 (NSW).
     11.7. Nothing in these Tournament Conditions restricts, excludes or modifies any consumer rights under any statute including
            the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
     11.8. Subject to the previous paragraph, the Promoter and the agencies and companies associated with the Tournaments are
            not liable (including in negligence) for any loss (including indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits),
            expense, damage, personal injury, illness or death suffered in connection with any Tournament or any prize, except for
            any liability which under statute cannot be excluded (in which case that liability is limited to the greatest extent allowed
            by law).
     11.9. Without limiting clause 11.7, the Promoter and the agencies and companies associated with any Tournament are not
            liable for:
          11.9.1. any loss of, damage to or delay in delivery of prizes; or
          11.9.2. any damage that occurs to prizes if/when displayed at the Promoter's premises,
            to the extent those things are due to factors outside the Promoter's reasonable control.

12. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
     12.1. In these Tournament Conditions:
          12.1.1. all monetary values are expressed in Australian currency;
          12.1.2. words used in the singular do not exclude the plural, and vice versa; and
          12.1.3. the word "including" and any similar words are not words of limitation.
     12.2. Each Tournament will be conducted by the Tournament Supervisor in accordance with these Tournament Conditions
            and the Rules of the Game for Poker at The Star Sydney (the "Rules of the Game"). A copy of the Rules of the Game can
            be found at https://www.star.com.au/sydney/Casino-Gaming-Rules. These Tournament Conditions incorporate and
            must be read together with the Rules of the Game. By entering a Tournament, you accept these Tournament Conditions.
            In the event of any inconsistency between these Tournament Conditions and the Rules of the Game, the Rules of the
            Game prevail.
     12.3. The Star Club Terms and Conditions also apply to members of The Star Club. A copy can be found at
            https://www.thestarclub.com.au/terms-conditions.
     12.4. Your entry must be received when specified above and is subject to the entry limits and eligibility requirements stated in
            these Tournament Conditions. Your entry is deemed to be received only when received by the Promoter. If your entry
            is based on participation that is deemed invalid, or if your membership status is cancelled or otherwise amended so that
            you are no longer an Eligible Entrant, your entry into the Tournament will be deemed invalid.
     12.5. If you enter using multiple aliases/addresses/email addresses/phone numbers you may be disqualified.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
     12.6. If you or your entry are deemed by the Promoter to breach these Tournament Conditions, your entry (or at the
            Promoter's discretion, all of your entries if you have multiple entries) will be voided.

     12.7. The Promoter may, at any time, require you to produce documentation to establish to the Promoter's satisfaction the
            validity of your entries (including documentation establishing your identity, age, place of residence and place of
            employment). Failure by the Promoter to enforce any of its rights at any stage does not waive those rights.

     12.8. You must not:
          12.8.1. tamper with any Tournament's entry process;
          12.8.2. engage in any conduct that may jeopardise the fair and proper conduct of any Tournament;
          12.8.3. act in a disruptive, annoying, threatening, abusive or harassing manner directly or indirectly in relation to any
                  Tournament;
          12.8.4. do anything that may diminish the good name or reputation of the Promoter or any of its related entities or of
                  the agencies or companies associated with any Tournament;
          12.8.5. breach any law; or
          12.8.6. behave in a way that is otherwise inappropriate directly or indirectly in relation to any Tournament.

     12.9. The Promoter is not liable for entries, prize claims or correspondence that are, due to factors outside its reasonable
            control, misplaced, misdirected, delayed, lost, incomplete, illegible or incorrectly submitted.

     12.10. The Promoter may cancel or change any prize offered under any Tournament if there are any changes to the law which
            would or might render the Tournament or any prize offered under the Tournament unlawful.

     12.11. The prize values are correct as at the date of preparing these Tournament Conditions and include any applicable GST.
            The Promoter is not responsible for any change in prize value. You agree that if a prize (or element of a prize) is
            unavailable for any reason the Promoter may provide another item of equal or higher value, subject to any necessary
            approval by any regulatory authority.

     12.12. If the Promoter determines that the integrity of any Tournament has been compromised it may, subject to notifying
            the relevant regulatory authority, either postpone the Tournament or any Tournament Session until such a time as the
            integrity of the Tournament has been validated or cancel the Tournament or any compromised Tournament Session.

     12.13. If any Tournament cannot run as planned for any reason beyond the Promoter's control, including but not limited to:
            act of god, law, public health order, pandemic, software, hardware or communications issues, unauthorised
            intervention, tampering, fraud or technical failure, the Promoter may end, change, suspend or cancel the Tournament or
            any Tournament Session or disqualify affected entries/entrants, subject to any necessary approval by a regulatory
            authority.

     12.14. The Promoter may in any event cancel any Tournament without liability. In that case the Promoter will refund all Buy-
            ins and Fees in respect of any Tournament that is cancelled.

     12.15. The Promoter is not responsible for any tax implications arising from you winning a prize. You should seek
            independent financial advice. If for GST purposes any Tournament results in any supply being made for non-monetary
            consideration, you must follow the Australian Taxation Office's stated view that where the parties are at arm's length,
            goods and services exchanged are of equal GST inclusive market values.

     12.16. A copy of these Tournament Conditions can be obtained from the Registration Desk at The Star Sydney and from The
            Star Club desk.

     12.17. The Promoter needs to collect the personal information of each entrant so that the entrant can be entered into a
            Tournament. The Promoter will use entrants' personal information to conduct and manage the Tournament. The
            Promoter may disclose entrants' personal information to its related companies, agents and contractors to assist in
            conducting the Tournament and to communicate with entrants. The Privacy Policy of The Star Group
            http://www.starentertainmentgroup.com.au/privacy-policy includes information about:
          12.17.1. the purposes for which The Star Group, including the Promoter, may collect, store, use and disclose entrants'
                  personal information;
          12.17.2. how entrants can seek access to the personal information the Promoter holds about them and request changes
                  to it; and
          12.17.3. how entrants can complain about a privacy breach and how the Promoter will deal with such a complaint.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
     12.18. The Promoter may disclose your personal information, including details of prize winners where required or authorised
            to do so by or under law or the disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the law. This may occur under the laws
            that apply to the Promoter's business, for example, where a regulatory authority requests information from the
            Promoter.

     12.19. The laws of the state of New South Wales govern each Tournament.

Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest
Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website. Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
Guests must be aged 18 years or over to enter the casino. Player Activity Statements are available on request from the Guest Service Desk, via The Star App or our Website.
Help is close at hand. GambleAware gambleaware.nsw.gov.au 1800 858 858
